1. Spencer (1/5): In 2010, I entered the World Open Chess Tournament and I tied for first. I certainly don't look diabolical or like a genius, both of which I am.
2. David (1/4): I'm the president of the Miami Marlins. In baseball, there's only one winner at the end. Survivor is the same, so I've been playing this game for a long time. Just not on a beach.
3. Kass (1/3): I am an attorney and my track record is undefeated. They're thinking “Aw, how cute, there's the mom.” They don't know I'm probably more cunning and ruthless than 95% of the population.
4. Morgan (1/7): I was an NFL cheerleader. I don't want to sound, like, super conceited, but from a guy, I usually get what I want.
5. Jeremiah (1/1): I'm a fashion model. I think it's going to help me out get a bit further into the game, because I'm gonna win them over with my looks.
6. Jefra (1/3): I competed in Miss Kentucky. I was second place three years in a row. People label me "Pageant Girl," but I believe that beauty is going to help me with the social aspect of the game.
7. Cliff (1/2): My name is Cliff Robinson. I played eighteen years in the NBA. I always play for bread and meat. I don't win, I don't eat. That's what the game of Survivor is about.
8. Sarah (1/4): I'm a police officer and I started mixed martial arts in 2009. Getting paid to punch someone in the face... It doesn't really get better than that.
9. Tony (1/3): I've been a police officer up in Jersey City for thirteen years. I'm always jumping over cars, climbing over fences, jumping from roof to roof, chasing people. So this game to me should be easy. Knock on wood.
10. Tasha (1/3): I'm super smart. I have what it takes to win this game.
11. Alexis (1/3): I don't see the guys going, "Oh, I wanna vote her off right away." They don't wanna look at ugly girls all day. (laughs)
12. Lindsey (1/3): I'm known as the tough brawny girl. When I feel like someone's out to get me, I'm gonna get you back, and I'm going to get you ten times harder.
13. Spencer (2/5): I will go down as one of the best players to play and I want to play an awesome game.
14. Trish (1/3): I am so excited to start Survivor, I can't even stand it. I'm such a competitive person that I would literally do anything to get to the finish line, to beat you, if I have to. I mean, it's just who I am. (laughs)
15. Lindsey (2/3): When I saw the speedboat race up, the girls were in the front and they were all kinda like “Oh, look at us.” I'm surprised there wasn't, like, cheesy music in the background.
16. Jefra (2/3): I noticed a few people coming off the helicopter who seemed like more of the nerdy type, like the Cochran of the game, that's gonna be really smart and witty and play the game well.
17. LJ (1/3): In my perspective of beauty, there is hot and there's cute. Morgan, she's hot, whereas the other girls are, like, cute. And me personally, I trust cute more than I trust (chuckles) hot.
18. David (2/4): My strategy with choosing Garrett was that he's built like a Mack truck, and he's got brains too? Now that's gonna be a formidable combination. So I figured it would make sense to get rid of him.
19. Garrett (1/6): To be isolated from the group right away, it really sucks. Like, at least both of the other two leaders pretended like they were so sad to have to pick the person, but David doesn’t hesitate! He immediately pats me on the back and says, “Garrett! He is the weakest.” Which is BS. I’m stronger than any of them.
20. Garrett (2/6): As far as I’m concerned, I’m already on the outs with my tribe, so this is a complete no-brainer. Obviously, I’m going to look for the Hidden Immunity Idol. When people see my body, often they’re like, “He’s just a dumb jock.” But I was valedictorian of my high school class, 99 percentile SATs and for a living am a high-stakes professional poker player. So anything I do in my life, I go all in. Without question, David making the asinine decision he did, works to my advantage, but he’s a threat and I want him out of the game.
21. Trish (2/3): When Sarah had to pick the weakest of the tribe, when I looked around, I was clearly the oldest, I was clearly the thinnest. So I wasn’t surprised it was me. When I saw that note, I was like, “Oh jeez!” I gotta to make a decision whether it’s for me or for the team. Initially, I could hear myself saying, “Don’t be an idiot! Go and get the idol for yourself and protect yourself.” I have been divorced for fifteen years, supporting and raising my children emotionally and financially and it’s been really hard. Yet, at the same time, I’ve always been a team player. It’s just who I am. I just went with my gut and said, you know what, I’m just gonna go with the team. I hope I don’t kick myself for the rest of the game on that one, but there’s nothing I can do now, so I just hope I don’t regret it.
22. Morgan (2/7): I’m surprised I was voted off first. I feel like I have more physical strength than the other two ladies. Then, I kinda thought I had the guys under my thumb. But maybe LJ was tempted by my looks and he didn’t really want me around to mess with his head. That’s what I’m good at, so maybe he can sense that. But I hold grudges big time. I will never forgive him for this. This is a game where you have to save yourself, so of course I’m going to look for the idol. I guess I’m a selfish person, but if I can find it, it’s gonna be a huge game-changer, for sure.
23. Garrett (3/6): The clue to the Hidden Immunity Idol said it’s right by the waterfall. Unfortunately, these hide-and-go-seek type activities – it’s just not my area of expertise. I’ve been in situations at the poker table, playing for huge amounts of money, and I didn’t get stressed out about it. So this should be child’s play. But I’m embarrassing myself by not being able to find this stupid idol right now.
24. Garrett (4/6): Finally, I was able to find the Hidden Immunity Idol. I’m definitely going to keep it to myself. But what an amazing start to the game. Me having the idol puts me in a really strong position. I don’t know what the hell David was thinking, but I promise you, I’m going to do everything in my power to get rid of him.
25. Morgan (3/7): The clue said that the Hidden Immunity Idol would be somewhere near rocks, so immediately I thought of the huge rock shelf to the right of our camp. There’s so many little crevasses and nooks and crannies that a Hidden Immunity Idol could be hidden, but I don’t know when they’re going to be here. I don’t know how much time I have. I just know that I have to find it.
26. LJ (2/3): We arrived at the beach and it’s like, “Where’s Morgan?” She was nowhere to be found and it was just very suspicious.
27. Morgan (4/7): I was climbing on the rocks, then I saw my other tribemates come strolling up on the beach and my heart just jumped in my throat. If I had been outed trying to find the idol and I was like if I don't come up with something, I’m going home for sure.
28. Morgan (5/7): My other tribemates come strolling up on the beach. It was pretty obvious what I was doing. I had already been outed as the weakest person and now I’m going behind their back and trying to find the idols and I was like, “I’m done.” Then I realize, y’know, I could just totally lie and say that, “Oh yeah, I picked the shelter materials and the fishing stuff over comfort.”
29. Morgan (6/7): I, for sure, think I fooled them. Now I have however many days to look for the idol. I’ll have to be really sly about it, but I don’t think they have any clue.
30. LJ (3/3): Morgan’s already in her underwear, just like a mermaid that just walked out of the ocean, which had me a little nervous because she’s way too calm and collected for someone just voted out. She either already has an Immunity Idol or she has a clue, so I gotta be on my best behavior because she could be the hot girl with a grudge.
31. Brice (1/1): Morgan was able to provide for us, you know, some good things. I kinda felt like that kinda boosted her confidence a little bit, but I’m no dummy. I know a scorned woman when I see her. So she was the perfect opportunity for me to use my purple pants and, kinda like, my personality to kinda get in with her.
32. Morgan (7/7): Me and Brice kinda made a little connection, so right now, we’re sticking together. He’s got my back. We’ll see what happens.
33. Alexis (2/3): People don’t expect anything from us because they’ve labeled us the “Beauty.” They think it’s just a tribe full of princesses and guys who are like pretty boys that don’t wanna really get dirty.
34. Jefra (3/3): I’m so excited we got fire right away, you know, without flint which is very hard to do. So I’m loving our tribe!
35. Alexis (3/3): The other tribes – there’s nothing in their minds that wants to connect the Beauty tribe with success. But it’s happening! We can kick butt out here and we’re doing it!
36. Trish (3/3): Because I was already seen as being the weakest, I felt like that's what they were going to come to camp thinking. That this older, skinny woman that would be eliminated is weak. So, I had to get myself right back on equal terms with all of them.
37. Tony (2/3): Soon as we arrive to camp, Trish came with open arms. She says, “I had the choice of looking for the idol for myself or helping my tribe out in getting a second bag of rice.” And we were, like, so excited. We were like, “Yes, you did the right thing.” But if I was in Trish’s shoes, it would have been one bag of rice... and one idol in my pocket.
38. Lindsey (3/3): Looking through all of my team members, I could tell that any challenge that will have physical strength in it, we’re definitely gonna dominate. I mean, we have, like, the biggest man out here. He’s like eight feet tall.
39. Woo (1/1): Me being a basketball enthusiast, I immediately knew who that was: Cliff Robinson. Portland Trail Blazers. One of my favorite players growing up and everyone seems stoked to have him on their tribe. But I don’t think anyone’s making a really big deal about it.
40. Cliff (2/2): The fact that I’m a former basketball player could hurt me, but to tell you the truth, it doesn’t seem like they really have any interest in basketball. So for me, that’s just fine. I can play this game. Not worry about my tribemates judging me for what I did and they’re just looking at me like as Cliff Robinson – one of the tribe members of Survivor.
41. Sarah (2/4): I’ve been a cop for quite a while and there is a look that cops have – and Tony’s got it. If I’m wrong, he should go be a cop because he looks just like one.
42. Tony (3/3): I thought for a split second, “Should I tell her I’m a cop?” But then I said, “You know what? If I tell them I’m a police officer, the first thing they’re gonna be thinking is, like, this guy’s strategical, he’s tactical, he’s probably sharp on his toes, he’s very observant.” And they’re gonna be right. So obviously I’m a threat to them, so they’re gonna probably want to try and blindside me right away.
43. Sarah (3/4): Interview and interrogation are my daily duties and I get lied to every day at work, y’know? And there’s just something that makes me feel uneasy about Tony.
44. Sarah (4/4): I don’t know what the hell he does. All I know is I don’t think I can trust him, so he’s gotta go as soon as possible. That’s all I gotta say.
45. Spencer (3/5): When David came out and said that he was going to pick Garrett, I thought, 'You’re an idiot!” You’re picking the one guy who can help us in challenges and you’re ostracizing him already. It’s a terrible move.
46. J'Tia (1/2): I have my PhD in nuclear engineering. I think I’m the smartest person here. Hands down! Ima build that shelter. I’m not gonna cut the bamboo, but I’m gonna tell ‘em how to build it. And it’s gonna be an awesome shelter.
47. Tasha (2/3): J’Tia took the leadership role and her approach is not the sleekest and she does come off really confrontational and bossy.
48. Spencer (4/5): Right now, we have an (air quotes) “engineer,” J’Tia, who says that she can build a shelter. She has the decisiveness of a leader, she has the bossiness for sure, but she doesn’t exactly have it all... (points to head) here.
49. Kass (2/3): J’Tia... I don’t appreciate her attitude. I don’t think anybody does. It makes it uncomfortable.
50. David (3/4): J’Tia is taking charge of doing stuff, but she doesn’t do anything. She just sort of barks orders to us. In my career, I have enough experience with people who look like they can get things done, but you put ‘em at the plate and put a bat in their hand and all of a sudden, they look like Bugs Bunny. And that’s J’Tia. J’Tia is just too much. She’s too much.
51. Tasha (3/3): At the challenge, we sucked. I can’t really blame any particular person. I think it’s everyone and it’s like we’re book-smart, but when it comes to playing this game, we’re dumb.
52. David (4/4): Personally, I’d like to get rid of Garrett because I view him as a bigger threat to me than J’Tia. I’m thinking about Day 39 and my biggest concern is that I’m not exactly sure what put him on the Brains tribe. He hasn’t told us. And that scares me – really to my core.
53. Kass (3/3): David, he wants Garrett to go first, but that’s ridiculous. He’s our strongest guy. Plus, he’s a work horse. But J’Tia, she has not been pulling her weight. She’s been doing a lot of direction and no production. And everyone sees it. She’s dead weight. So let’s just send her home.
54. J'Tia (2/2): I went up to Kass and she was very honest. She said that she doesn’t think that I work around camp and that I’m going home. Kass kinda hurt my feelings a little bit. ‘Cause I’m not lazy. We needed a shelter and I felt like if I hadn’t built a fire under the tribe’s butt, we wouldn’t have got it done. So I felt like I was being motivating. Clearly it doesn’t come off that way, but I just hope that I have not ruined my chances. I might have.
55. Garrett (5/6): J’Tia is definitely pretty paranoid right now. And for what it’s worth, she has pretty good reason. She’s bossy. Y’know, she doesn’t get along with anyone. I personally care less about that than others because as far as I’m concerned, the biggest threat is David. He’s very intelligent. I do think he’s a schemer and he’s already made it clear that he wants to get rid of me. So David’s going home tonight.
56. Spencer (5/5): I’m really concerned about voting out David. I know that in the past, there have been clues and idols around camp and I keep seeing David and Kass walk off and just wander around. So I’m a bit worried that he could have found it. So I’m thinking, since J’Tia’s a pain in the ass, let’s vote her out. Just to be safe.
57. Garrett (6/6): Spencer’s paranoid about David having the idol which is ridiculous because I have the idol. Of course, I’m not going to tell him that but now I feel nervous about voting for David because it looks like I don’t have four solid votes for tonight. Without question, David is just a huge threat and if people don’t see that, they’re idiots. I don’t know. I hope that Spencer and I stay strong together, but we’ll see what happens.
1. Garrett (1/5): Last night, Tribal was a lot of random arguing but, you know, in the end, the real point of Tribal was to send David home and we were able to successfully do that. But I’m not having fun playing Survivor. This isn’t fun for me right now, I have to be honest. Manual labor isn’t fun. Starving isn’t fun. Like, it’s not like a cool adventure for me. When I’m playing poker, I’m sitting in a comfortable chair, chicken and vegetables are like being brought to me right at the table. I wanna play Survivor, like, to outwit and outplay people. Like, I don’t want to play Survivor to survive in the wilderness.
2. Garrett (2/5): Kass was definitely blindsided by David going home last night. Spencer and I are setting ourselves up that if we do have to vote someone off, we have options. J’Tia and Tasha. But also, you know, if I don’t feel like we can really trust Kass, you know, maybe we just take her out.
3. Kass (1/2): Tribal was interesting. A little blindside of David and me. But all I thought was I’m number three for someone. And they know it. The boys aren’t going to break up and the girls aren’t gonna break up. So where does that leave me? Swing vote. I talked to Garrett and Spencer, but I’m not a hundred percent with them and I’m gonna work whatever angle. I have no allegiance right now. We can do our stupid handshake. I don’t care. It’s game on. As long as it’s not me.
4. Cliff (1/3): Me and Woo, we couldn’t wait to take that boat out. We have been looking at that boat for a few days now, uh, just itching at the bit for the opportunity to go out there and try to, uh, do some fishing.
5. Cliff (2/3): Yeah, I like Woo and you gotta have a wingman. Batman always had Robin, Jordan had Pippen, Cliff has Woo. (laughs) Woo-Tang! So y’know, you just gotta, you know, take your wingman and do what you gotta do to take care of business.
6. Cliff (3/3): Everything was going well, but we lost the, uh, we lost the balance on the boat and all of a sudden... (mimes boat flipping) I figured, y’know, might as well take advantage of that brawn that’s on the beach and do what we can to, uh, to tip the water out.
7. Sarah (1/2): Cliff is a very likable guy. He’s funny, he has a lot of charisma and I would say he’s probably the most liked on our tribe right now.
8. Tony (1/7): I’m looking at Cliff. I can’t tell you for a fact what basketball team he was on or what he did for a living or what he does for a living because I don’t really care. And then we have Lindsey and Sarah and Woo. Apparently they... they’re like fans of him. This is a game, I understand how the game is played. I just gotta make sure I’m aware of what’s going on.
9. Brice (1/3): Today is definitely beautiful on the beautiful tribe. But there’s a lot of people playing dumb out here and I’m onto it. Alexis is just being the flirt out here. Just kinda like, y’know, definitely all about her sexuality and always in her panties, kind of like, y’know, (imitates flirtatious voice) “You want some coconut water?” So I definitely kinda see her game. Jefra, on the other hand, I don’t know what her game is. All of her crayons in the crayon box aren’t bright.
10. Morgan (1/1): Jeremiah, he... I only see him as a friend, in, like, my eyes, but, y’know, he might see me as something more. So I think if I needed to, I could definitely reel him in and, y’know, he would be right there in my back pocket.
11. Brice (2/3): Jeremiah’s been drooling over Morgan and, y’know, me being the ultimate wingman, I can facilitate for him to kinda get to work with Morgan and be around the hot girl.
12. Brice (3/3): I think when my tribe first saw me, they kinda thought that I would be just the fourth girl on the tribe, maybe just lying out all day. Don’t judge a book by its cover. I’m playing the game.
13. Lindsey (1/1): “Malnu-Trish-a” or Trisha, a.k.a. Like, she needs to chill out because I can’t stand her voice, I can’t stand her attitude, I can’t stand the fact that she’s so judgmental. Oh my gosh, I cannot stand her. (deep breath)
14. Trish (1/1): I think everybody’s starting to see what I see. How Lindsey doesn’t help out at all and how annoying she can be around camp. I’m from Boston, Mass. She hasn’t met me yet. (laughs) ‘Cause if I really snapped on her, she’d still be crying. Right now.
15. Tony (2/7): I trust Trish. She’s a genuine person. So she’s out there, she’s busting her ass too, while everybody else is just full of drama.
16. Tony (3/7): Trish and I, we’re walking on eggshells with these people and that’s when I came up with the idea: I could try to spy on them. So as I’m building the shelter, I’m trying to act like I’m trying to protect ‘em from the rain and everything, but I’m building a spy shack. I’m trying to cover up a little cubby-hole in the corner and I’m gonna run around the beach and crawl up to here and I’m gonna be right here listening to what they gotta say and I’m gonna hear everything. So whatever Useless Cliff tells Weasel Woo, I’m gonna know crucial information. That’s the key to this. It’s not just small talk, it’s gonna be big talk. That’s what I’m looking for. My main target is Cliff. The lion of the pride. So in order to take over the pride, the other lion has to come in and kill that one. And then he has to kill the cubs. I have more brain than brawn. Little do they know.
17. Sarah (2/2): Today we go to the Immunity Challenge and just sliced my finger right open. Tony sliced his foot like a dumbass and there’s blood on the puzzle and, I don’t know, that’s the Brawn tribe, though, for ya. That’s what we do. We put blood, sweat and tears ‘til we get the job done.
18. Tony (4/7): We prevailed. We won some fishing gear. We won the whole works. We have olive oil, we have sea salt, it’s just beautiful. It’s a beautiful thing. The first thing that popped in my mind: there has to be some kind of idol or a clue to an idol in that basket.
19. Tony (5/7): I opened up the little wooden tackle box and I see the piece of... little piece of paper in there. So when I went back into the basket, I took it out and I put it in my pocket. This is what it looks like. This is what it looks like! (unfolds clue) This is what it looks like! “The ocean offers fish, your well offers drink, another body of water offers protection...” – and protection’s what I need right now – “Tied to something solid is the idol you want to get. Very hidden but not too deep and requires that you get wet.” I love it! And I know exactly where this thing is! It’s in the pond that we have behind camp and there’s a big, big monster log and that’s solid. (kisses the clue) I love you! Love it!
20. Tony (6/7): I went right into the lake and finally I felt a lump and sure enough, it was an idol right there and I found it!
21. Tony (7/7): I don’t need to tell anybody about the idol, it’s not gonna benefit me in any way to tell anybody about the idol because that’s just gonna give them leverage for them to try to sneak attack me and I don’t want that. I’d rather try to sneak attack them. So that idol? Nobody will know about it.
22. Garrett (3/5): So we get back to camp and given the fact that J’Tia totally screwed up the whole challenge, it’s clear J’Tia’s the best option to go home tonight.
23. Garrett (4/5): I don’t want to have to actually play the idol at Tribal, so I just decided to try and get Kass to represent, in her loyalties, in front of everyone, to see where she was at.
24. Tasha (1/3): I absolutely love Survivor and now that I’m here, it’s frustrating to play with people that don’t want to play the game. Y’know, I looked forward to scheming and backstabbing, but apparently, I’m being told, “No!” It saddens me.
25. Tasha (2/3): I don’t know why Garrett thinks he is the authority at Luzon. He is not the leader of this tribe, he lays around all day, pretty much watches everyone work. He’s always hungry and now he doesn’t even want to play the game! This is Survivor! If you didn’t want to play the game how it should be played, get... Get outta here. Get outta here!
26. J'Tia (1/2): So my tribe sat me down and told me, “J’Tia, please sit down right here. Well, we’ve been reviewing your file and we think you have to go. We just made- No, no, no, no, no, I’m not going to take you in private, I’ll just tell you in front of the whole company.” Yeah right. What, in my personality, made you think that was gonna work?
27. Spencer (1/1): Like the Survivor genius he is, Garrett decides to have an open forum on what we’re gonna do later at Tribal Council. Garrett! You’re an idiot! What are you doing?! You’re a first class, grade A moron in Survivor! Why would you do that?! It would have been so easy to just tell J’Tia what she wants to hear, but now that Garrett’s put it all out in the open, we have to babysit these girls and make sure that they go home.
28. Tasha (3/3): Hey, if they don’t want to scramble, I’m gonna scramble and try to twist this game up. Y’know, I’m not trying to go home next. I need to work my way to the top. Why can’t I be top dog? I can make it happen.
29. J'Tia (2/2): There’s always hope in this game. I don’t mind a fight. If that’s what it has to come to, I’m down for it. I’m coming in hot. It’s gonna be guns blazing. I’m going in like a crazy woman – like a banshee. That’s why they have people guarding you. I’m like the mental patient and you left the mental patient alone and I went crazy! (laughs) It’s what happens when you leave crazy people alone!
30. Garrett (5/5): J’Tia was somewhat subdued when we all went down to the beach, but this was a mistake. And then she dumped our rice out and now we have no rice. I mean, I’ve had such a hard time out here already, it just brings me to a new rock bottom.
31. Kass (2/2): How did we come up with the criteria for Brains? I’d like to see that data, ‘cause, uh... Ironically, I was gonna approach J’Tia about turning this around, but then I get back to camp and she has poured all of our rice on the fire? I can’t align with someone like that.
1. Spencer (1/2): Tribal Council was a trainwreck. Garrett was bad enough at the game that the girls were willing to choose someone who destroyed all of our food over him which is crazy. I’m definitely the odd man out right now. I’m gonna have to resort to all kinds of crazy, creative ideas just to have a shot at this thing.
2. J'Tia (1/1): I came into Tribal Council clearly thinking, y’know, it was me going. But it was a lot of luck, a lot of Kass. This tribe is pretty much a complete disaster, but it’s entertaining! So we’ll see what happens.
3. Tasha (1/3): I’m still pissed about the rice. I’m still pissed at J’Tia. But I have no loyalties to Spencer and I’m gonna try to do my best to get Kass on board for an all-girl alliance.
4. Kass (1/1): I honestly didn’t know who I’d vote for when I went into Tribal, but then you think about Garrett. He’s fun to look at, but you don’t want to play with him and then I thought J’Tia’s got a temper. But, uh, you can replace rice and now she’s scared, so I think she’ll be loyal to me.
5. Tony (1/5): I don’t trust nobody here! They’re against me and I’m by myself. Me, myself, my idol and I. (chuckles) Now there’s four of us. But, uh, I was sitting by the fire all by my lonesome and Sarah comes over and I said to myself – let me just give her something and see what happens. So I say, “Y’know what Sarah?” I said, “Listen. I’m also a police officer. You were right when you… when you told me.”
6. Sarah (1/4): You know how people say they have a gaydar? Well I have like a “cop-dar.” Like, I could tell who cops are and Tony’s a cop. And I knew it from Day 1. And he finally told me. I felt like I won the lottery. I was like, “Gosh! Dangit! I knew I was right!” Now that I know Tony’s a cop, we got that blue blood going and cop blood runs thick. So he is loyal to cops and you better believe I’m gonna stick by his side. We’re gonna be partners in crime.
7. Tony (2/5): I told Sarah of one conversation that took place between Cliff and Lindsey, but that was a lie. That was a total lie. I just told her I heard stuff, just so I could try to get her on my side. To me, it means nothing. Y’know, you could swear on your kids and your family and your dead grandmother. It doesn’t matter to me. It’s just words.
8. Trish (1/1): The weather has been the most miserable experience I’ve ever encountered. It’s either a monsoon or a hurricane. Everything is so wet. I mean, all we’ve got is this one little spark that I’m desperately trying to keep alive, but all the wood’s wet. We’re, we’re basically screwed. It’s miserable. Absolutely miserable. This is tough. I’m making a joke about this, but this ain’t funny.
9. Woo (1/1): The rain is gnarly, treacherous, freezing. It’s pouring, it’s terrible, but, uh, this is what Survivor’s all about, baby! Hopefully, uh, it will die down here shortly. If not, it’s gonna be a long night. Woo!
10. Tony (3/5): I-I haven’t been dry for more than a couple hours on this Island. Non-stop rain. It’s just really bad for morale, we’re all miserable. I mean, this is, this is what I envisioned hell to be like.
11. Sarah (2/4): I’m sitting there and I’m looking over at Lindsey and I do not feel bad for her, because I was talking with Tony last night at the fire and he gave me some tidbits about, um, Cliff and Lindsey having a conversation about me. So immediately, that just set me off.
12. Sarah (3/4): He knows I’ll be loyal to him. I know he’ll be loyal to me. We shook on it again today. It was the most sincere handshake you-you’ll ever have in your life, so, um, I trust him to a hundred-and-ten percent.
13. Tony (4/5): No matter what you tell anybody, you can’t trust them. I don’t trust nobody here! Nobody here! None of them! And I’m sure they don’t trust me.
14. Jefra (1/3): I feel like I’m living in a Survivor nightmare today. It’s awful. Last night, we had a horrible storm. Our clothes, they’re completely drenched. It’s hopeless to even get them dry today. Our fingers, as you can see... (holds up palms to camera) are completely... I mean, we’ve been in soaking wet water for almost twenty-four hours now. We all stayed up all night long. We haven’t had food, we haven’t had anything to eat ‘cause we can’t make a fire. Reality’s set in and it’s really, really, really hard. It’s like… (breaks down in tears)
15. LJ (1/5): Unfortunately, Jefra is doing a lot of complaining without a lot of doing. And, uh, I know what that means. Jeremiah and LJ: go on, repair the shelter. It takes a lot of hard work to get by when you’re surviving and I guess the stereotype of beauty is starting to come into play. I mean, these girls don’t do anything. I mean, they’re on some other sort of planet.
16. LJ (2/5): I just gotta keep my mouth shut. This is one of those situations where I gotta keep my mouth shut ‘cause, uh, you know, I don’t want to put any bullseyes on myself.
17. LJ (3/5): We’re wet, we’re soaked, we’re not gonna get dry any time soon. And my mind’s always running, so I figured that on the first day, when I voted off Morgan and we showed up to camp, she came from around the reef and rocks. The fact that she was there, for no reason, y’know, she must have got a clue and so I figured that, y’know what? Maybe I’ll just take a peek. Maybe I’ll see if I can find the Hidden Immunity Idol.
18. LJ (4/5): Who the hell looks for a Hidden Immunity Idol in the middle of a-a typhoon, but this guy? And that’s why I found it! I’ve grown up on “hard work pays off” like “you reap what you sow.” And now I hold a piece of this game that is-is priceless. I’m keeping this a secret. No one is ever gonna know that I have this thing until I play this thing.
19. Tasha (2/3): J’Tia dumped out 95% of our rice, but she’s asking, “How much rice should we cook?” And I’m like, “Are you freaking kidding me right now?” It’s ironic. It’s-it’s a mess around here. We have an impending challenge Someone could possibly go home and my first inclination is “let’s practice.”
20. Tasha (3/3): The focus is wrong, and I feel like they’re looking at me like I’m crazy!
21. Spencer (2/2): It’s definitely weird being the only guy in the tribe. I have to be patient. I have to manage my emotions; not get too down and I have to just take my shot to get out of this tribe alive.
22. Sarah (4/4): We killed the challenge again. We all know how to keep our composure when we’re under pressure in a competition. We’ve got the tarp, we’ve got the comfort. I mean, yeah, it’s insane. I feel like a brand new person. Like, bring on the rain!
23. Tony (5/5): When we brought back the comfort items from the Reward/Immunity Challenge, I said to myself: “There might be a potential clue in there or potential advantage of some sort.” My-my brain is ticking while theirs is not, I guess. I don’t know what’s going on with the rest of my tribemates, but the first thing I’m saying is, “I gotta get my hands on everything.” So I took the hammock off to the side, just in case something fell off and I open it and a little piece of paper that looked like a clue fell out and dropped on the floor. I immediately put my foot right on top of it. I looked around – nobody’s there. I bend down, pick it up, put it in my pocket. It didn’t pertain to anything I needed. I already have the idol, but I wanted to make sure that if there was anything in there, if there was a clue in there or if there was anything in there, an advantage of some sort – I wanted to get my hands on it. I didn’t want nobody else to see it. And that’s what I did.
24. Alexis (1/2): Out here, you have so many different elements just hitting you at once. We were just in the middle of a hurricane. We lost the challenge. We’re so exhausted. And now we’re going to Tribal. I think the energy in our beach is gonna turn really dark. It’s gonna get super negative and suspicious.
25. LJ (5/5): Tonight we gotta finally go to Tribal. Um, y’know, it had to happen eventually. Jeremiah, myself, Alexis and Jefra are on the same page. Between Morgan and Brice, the one I gotta worry about is Brice. He seems like, uh, he’s gonna be tough towards the end of the game and it’s the better move to make a move on Brice now.
26. Brice (1/2): I do worry that the tribe may come together and say Brice is really maybe not a physical threat, but Brice is definitely a social threat. So they may target me. But I trust in Jeremiah. I just wanna make sure that we’re on the same page to get a girl out tonight.
27. Morgan (1/1): LJ thinks he has an alliance of Alexis, Jefra, Jeremiah and himself. But in reality, Jeremiah’s with Brice and I. Tonight for the vote, we just gotta get Jefra in there with us to make that, y’know, four-two vote.
28. Jefra (2/3): Morgan and Jeremiah and Brice have an alliance and are going to be voting for Alexis tonight. What is going on?! Is Jeremiah with me, and Alexis and LJ or are you with Brice and Morgan?
29. Jefra (3/3): People are throwing out strategies I’ve never heard of before. I mean, it’s just absolutely nuts. I’m not excited about tonight because I think somebody’s really gonna get blindsided.
30. Jeremiah (1/3): Jefra does not want to vote against Alexis. Brice and Morgan is voting Alexis. So I’m kinda... I mean, I’m stuck!
31. Alexis (2/2): Maybe Brice or Morgan have a Hidden Immunity Idol. So what we’re gonna do is split the votes. The two boys are gonna vote for Morgan, and the two girls are going to vote for Brice. If neither one presents an idol, then a tie equals a revote and we’ll all vote for Brice.
32. Jeremiah (2/3): There’s always a fear of this idol being played. If I can get my majority to make a split vote, I’m gonna have a three-way tie and it’s gonna put me absolutely in the middle. If I go with Brice and Morgan, I could get rid of Alexis. My main goal is to take over this tribe and I’m gonna have numbers tonight, is what I’m really hoping on.
33. Brice (2/2): I’m not worried tonight because I do trust in Jeremiah and Morgan. And I think Jefra feels way more comfortable with Jeremiah than LJ, so alliances are going to be exposed and people are going to be put in their place.
34. Jeremiah (3/3): I got a big decision on my hands tonight. I could go with LJ, Alexis and Jefra or Brice and Morgan. Going into Tribal Council knowing that I have all the power is a, is an amazing feeling, but I’m just this country guy. Y’know, I don’t like hurting nobody’s feelings and after I make this vote, somebody’s feelings are gonna get hurt and somebody’s probably gonna lose their trust in me. And that’s going probably gonna hurt me more than anything.
1. Morgan (1/2): Tribal did not go as planned. I’m just pretty mad and frustrated. Jeremiah’s just a little coward and he just chickened out. He came to us and then all of a sudden, he jumped ship. So, I mean, it’s a huge possibility that I’m the next to go. But I guess I just gotta save myself.
2. Jeremiah (1/3): Morgan confronted me in front of everybody, y’know, and my, uh, heart sunk. She was asking me what changed my mind, y’know, right in front of everybody. Y’know, which is... That’s fine. That’s Survivor, y’know? It was a major decision for me tonight and it’s a nerve-wracking decision. So we’ll see if I made a bonehead play or not.
3. Alexis (1/2): I’m skeptical about what Morgan’s putting out there – that Jeremiah was the one that was trying to make the plan to get me out. But the way she says it sounds a little bit realistic. So I gotta keep my eyes open for him. Jeremiah... I don’t know, I think he put a big target on his back at this point.
4. J'Tia (1/2): This is an important challenge. Like, we’re trying to build on our winning streak. We’re trying to show that we are actually a tribe that can play the game. Honestly, I thought I was going home last time and I thought I was going home the time before that. So I dumped the rice out. I mean, I’m the reason why we’re hungry. I really want to help them win some food because I put us in this food situation, so I’m gonna be busting ass in this challenge.
5. LJ (1/3): The Reward Challenge – that was a fun one. It picked up the group a little bit. It kinda brought us back to the fact that we’re out here to win, we’re out here to compete and we can win.
6. LJ (2/3): Jeremiah reaches in the bag and he’s found a clue to the idol and unfortunately everybody’s standing there. The clue was so precise. Thank God I have it because it would have been found today and it would have been a group idol and it would have been a huge problem.
7. Alexis (2/2): There’s been some talk about how this egg-chicken process works, but I really think everyone’s just pretending to know and they don’t know.
8. LJ (3/3): Nobody knows how a chicken is born. I just... I don’t understand! (laughs) I can’t even believe that some of the stuff comes out of people’s mouths. We have the stereotypical beauty tribe and it’s just so unfortunate. We all know the egg came first, ‘cause dinosaurs had eggs and they were before the chickens, so...
9. Jeremiah (2/3): It’s kinda tough ‘cause after Tribal, y’know, I gotta do my Southern charm and, uh, kinda stay just a little bit on their good side. Y’know, I’m just trying to stay above and trying to do as much as I can.
10. Jeremiah (3/3): I-I hope I earned some major man points today. I may have been raised in the country, but I don’t know anything about damn chickens. I’m a model, y’know?
11. Morgan (2/2): Jeremiah killed the chicken and that’s cool. I get to eat it now. I appreciate it, I’ll say thanks. But at the end of the day, I still don’t like Jeremiah at all. I think he’s dumb as rocks and, y’know, he’s a big fat liar. I don’t really understand why he’s on this tribe. I don’t think he’s that beautiful and we’re supposed to be the beautiful tribe.
12. Sarah (1/4): Cliff and Lindsey are so tight. They want to get rid of me. Tony overheard them and told me, so you mess with me, I’ll mess with you way worse. And so, I just... I wanna get Cliff out.
13. Sarah (2/4): Woo surprised me that he would flip on Cliff. He just has this lackadaisical demeanor about him. Woo wants to win bad enough. I don’t know, it’s just a feeling. It’s a vibe, but I think we’re solid.
14. Woo (1/2): I look up to Cliff in a big way. He’s a basketball superstar I’ve been idolizing for a long time. But it would be nice for one of us to achieve that million dollars success – other than Cliff. I’m just trying to affiliate myself with the majority and when the opportunity is presented to me, I gotta take it.
15. Tony (1/1): I saw Woo and Sarah whispering something and I say, you know, let me go see what’s going on. So I go up to them and they look like this, (mimes wide eyes) like a deer in the headlights as soon as I walked up. So I pulled Sarah to the side. “Hey Sarah, what’s going on?” A few days ago, I went to Sarah and I fed her some kind of lie telling her that I heard Cliff and Lindsey talking about her. And I think from that moment on, I think I changed the game by having her on my side. So I believe now that she’s part of my alliance. As far as Sarah’s concerned, Woo’s on her side which means he’s also on my side. So I believe we’re in an alliance of four right now against Cliff and Lindsey. She had me swear on my badge, which... That doesn’t mean anything to me, swearing on my badge. ‘Cause I’m here to lie, cheat and steal. I’m here to drag people’s dreams through the mud so I can fulfill mine. That’s what I’m here for. Whatever I have to do, I’m gonna do. It’s as simple as that.
16. Cliff (1/1): We have an Immunity Challenge today and it might be basketball, so I’m sure everybody’s gonna expect me to, uh, be able to make the basket because I did play basketball. Y’know, eighteen years in the NBA, I was in the Top Ten of any player to ever play in the NBA in games played. I played more games than Michael Jordan, Magic Johnson, Larry Bird. So hopefully it’s, it’s a, uh, it’s a walk in the park.
17. Sarah (3/4): I always said I would never throw a challenge because it doesn’t work out. However, we cannot risk merging into two tribes and having Cliff still here. I know it sounds stupid, like, why get rid of numbers? But he’s not our number. That’s why. It’s him and Lindsey. I heard Cliff wants me out and so I’m screwed if Cliff is still here.
18. Woo (2/2): Throwing a challenge is not smart. Some of these guys might want to, but Cliff and I – we’ve been extremely close and I can just picture it now. Shooting baskets! Look at this jump shot! This is just undeniable! Alongside with my buddy Cliff. But that’s not how the majority of my core alliance feels, so what do I do? Oh, man!
19. Sarah (4/4): Dude, we tried so hard to blow that challenge. Seriously, green tribe, I tried to help you out, but that team sucks! They deserve to lose after that! That's all I can say.
20. Spencer (1/2): I do feel a bit gypped that I have to go to Tribal Council when I’m doing very well in the challenges and, uh, it’s really my team that’s doing poorly in the challenges. The worst part about being on this tribe is the girls have succeeded in putting themselves in a power position. The problem is, by doing that, they’ve run the tribe into the ground. J’Tia keeps messing up in challenges. It’s beyond frustrating. So history’s definitely not in my favor.
21. Spencer (2/2): I don’t know if they’re just patting my back on the way out the door or if they’re actually trying to bring me back into the fold.
22. Kass (1/3): I’m happy with our decision. Get rid of J’Tia. It makes sense. I mean, if we have another challenge, we have a strong guy with us as opposed to someone we know has a propensity for failure.
23. J'Tia (2/2): My big thing for me right now is that I’m loyal. But let’s be honest. On Day 6, I threw the rice in the fire. So, like, I’ve been holding on by the fingernails. Y’know, I’m like the cat, the cat on the poster: “Oh, hang in there!” That’s me. So my best bet now is to hope my alliance sticks.
24. Tasha (1/1): Initially my thoughts were to vote J’Tia out. But I believe J’Tia is a loyal person and you never know. Jeff could throw a curveball. In this game where you need a loyal person, that is something to consider.
25. Kass (2/3): The interesting thing about Tasha is she’s like a pendulum. I mean, it’s gonna be over here one minute, over here... It might, it might change again before Tribal five times.
26. Kass (3/3): Tasha can’t stop thinking about it. To me, just make a decision and live with it. But that’s my life. I mean, I have to make decisions for people and live with them all the time. So am I the hatchet man for J’Tia or Spencer? I can live with either decision. Either one’s the same gamble to me because I can’t predict what’s gonna happen tomorrow.
1. Spencer (1/5): I couldn’t be happier right now to still be in the game. I thought I was going home today. This game changes like that. (snaps fingers) Now I’m rising back up. It’s a complete roller coaster ride and I’m just happy that I haven’t fallen off the roller coaster yet.
2. Kass (1/1): It was a crazy Tribal. I mean, we had a last minute Tribal vote switch. It just hit me: we guarantee a loss if we keep J’Tia. But if we go with Spencer, he kicks butt. And I need to win. But how my team has played this game is ridiculous. We’re not the Brain tribe. We’re the crap-for-brain tribe. I mean, just a rolling log jam. A mess with a couple of nerds on top.
3. Tasha (1/2): The decision to keep Spencer will be tested today. We keep saying, “This is the best combination of people. This is the strongest tribe we have.” Well, the rubber will meet the road today. The Brain tribe has been through so much and if we come out with a victory, I think people will start thinking again about how strong this Brain tribe really is.
4. Sarah (1/2): Jeff says, “Drop your Buffs” and my head just went. (drops head) It took me probably six days to figure out who I could trust out here and now I have to start all over.
5. Spencer (2/5): It’s nice to upgrade from the moms to the hot girls, but at the same time, it’s tough to keep losing. Everything with the Brains seems to go wrong. Somehow, some way.
6. LJ (1/5): We won a challenge – good news. The reality is it’s bad news. Jefra and I are outnumbered five to two by the Brawn tribe. I do have an idol that I can play, but that would only buy me a few more days and then I’m gone. So my only hope is that they absorb me as a team member as opposed to a threat.
7. Trish (1/3): I find out that LJ’s from Massachusetts which I never would have guessed and I am too. That brings us a little connection, y’know. I’ve always thought that the Beauty tribe looked very high maintenance, but LJ’s pretty laid back and easy-going and you can tell he’s a gentleman. He’s a Boston boy. That’s probably why I thought he was cute from afar without even knowing. I think LJ’s a really handsome guy, but I could be his mother. I mean, I’m not Mrs. Robinson. (laughs)
8. LJ (2/5): When Trish said she was from Boston, it was a moment of beaming sunshine for me. We already have a connection and if, for whatever reason, I’m a draw to somebody a little bit older that’s single and, y’know, been through a lot of stuff... Whether it’s the sex appeal or whatever that she’s drawn to, I’m gonna use it to save myself.
9. Lindsey (1/1): Trisha totally exaggerates her laugh around guys and it makes me sick. Like, you’re fifty years old. Stop trying to get attention from twenty-year-old men. Seriously.
10. Cliff (1/3): I feel good about the way things were mixed up today. I was able to keep five of my original members of my tribe. If we can continue moving on with the people that we have, I mean, we’re in a great position. My concern right now is Trish. I don’t know what’s going on with her and LJ. I just have to really keep an eye on the two of them. It’s a must.
11. Sarah (2/2): I’m the only original Aparri member on a tribe with three Brain and three Beauties. It’s definitely a scary position to be in because you don’t know who you can trust and who you can’t trust. That’s why I wanted to ask about, on Day 1, who took the clue or did they take the rice.
12. Morgan (1/1): Sarah sorta outed me when she said that, y’know, Trish picked rice instead of the idol ‘cause I chose the clue and I kept it a secret the entire time, so... (sighs) I mean, hopefully I kinda start fresh with this tribe and no one holds it against me.
13. Alexis (1/1): Morgan lied Day 1 and it put a bigger red flag. Not that she had... doesn’t have one hundred red flags already! It told me exactly what I needed to know which is to not trust her and never ally with her. So I’m gonna protect myself and jump ship right away.
14. Spencer (3/5): I think it’s really telling how fast and how almost desperately Alexis came up to us. Now that we see Beauty’s fracturing a little bit, it puts the Brain at a much better position. The fact that they’re this divided shows that we can play them against each other.
15. Spencer (4/5): The Beauty tribe is a very gossipy tribe. They’re almost like high schoolers. They are talking bad about each other, spreading rumors – sometimes right in front of each other!
16. Spencer (5/5): They just seem to have so little social skills for a tribe that’s supposed to be beautiful and social.
17. Tasha (2/2): As of now, the Brain tribe is in the best position possible. Initially, I thought we were going to have to battle with the Beauties, but there’s some dissension amongst the Beauty ranks. So we went from tragedy to what seems to be a triumph right now. Just when you think you’re out of the game, things switch up and you’re back on top!
18. Jefra (1/2): I was sitting so great before the switch and I was feeling solid in my position in the game. But when it’s just LJ and I with all the Brawn tribe, basically, it’s a totally different feeling.
19. Jefra (2/2): When Trish was telling me all of the alliances and kinda where she stood, it was a little shocking ‘cause it happened pretty fast, so I’m not gonna count my chickens before they hatch, but I think there might be a spot for LJ and I to squeeze in.
20. Trish (2/3): I started this game being very naive, but I’m starting to realize that I gotta start, y’know, doing what I need to do to get to the top. From Day 1, I felt like I was at the bottom of the barrel. But this just twists the whole thing right upside down!
21. Tony (1/3): How could we lose this challenge? It was custom-made for Brawn. Fortunately, we’ve got the numbers. Let's strike now. LJ’s a threat, so he’s going home first.
22. LJ (3/5): Went into this challenge thinking, “No problem.” It’s a brute force and there's not even a question that we should have won that challenge. And unfortunately, we didn’t. And it puts Jefra and I in a tough spot. Most likely, they’re gonna try to get me to go home so unless something happens, I’m screwed.
23. Cliff (2/3): At this point, we could keep LJ for challenges, but he’s from Massachusetts, Trish is from Massachusetts – they have that... that bond in common and they’ve been off on their own and have conversations. So she’s out here playing with her emotions and if you get your feelings caught up in this game, that’s when foolish things happen.
24. Woo (1/1): The former Brawn teammates – we’re in a good position. Back at the old camp, we had, you know, some tension, some issues here and there, but now it’s a whole different game and we have to look at the bigger picture. And what’s best for us is to get rid of LJ. Unfortunately, the paranoia’s rampant right now.
25. LJ (4/5): I talked to Trish and she said that she wants to get rid of Cliff and I was shocked. Apparently, Trish and Tony don’t like Cliff and it just doesn’t make sense to me. You’re five to two. You don’t need to talk anything. Still, if what she says is true, I might not have to play my idol.
26. Trish (3/3): I play with my heart and I really like LJ. He’s a gentleman, he gets along with people, he never gives up. I mean, the guy’s got it all. But Cliff, he doesn’t do anything. And fourteen days of his entitlement is about as much as my nervous system can handle. So we’re putting Cliff’s name down on that ballot. And the best part about the whole thing is Cliff doesn’t have one single clue. And it’s really cracking me up! (cackles)
27. Tony (2/3): Trish pulls me to the side and says she wants to get rid of Cliff. We need to cut the head off the snake. Which is crazy! I don’t know if she’s bipolar, or schizo. I don’t know what she is. But there’s no reason to do this right now. What we need to do is get rid of LJ. He has the heart, he has the drive, he has the ambition, y’know, he has the strategic mind. So he’s dangerous.
28. Tony (3/3): Here’s the deal: I don’t like Cliff. I didn’t trust him from the beginning because Cliff is a very influential person and he wraps people around his finger which makes him a very dangerous person. But! If we get rid of Cliff, I’m putting all my cards on LJ. Do I trust him? Hell no! So I don’t know what I’m gonna do.
29. Cliff (3/3): I’m actually looking forward to going to Tribal Council. Trish really got caught up on her emotions so we’re gonna chop down Trish’s new support system and have her come grovelling back to her old tribemates.
30. LJ (5/5): Trish is willing to flip. The thing is, I don’t know about Tony. But the reality is I don’t have a choice, so I’m putting a boatload of trust into Trish and Tony that they’re gonna deliver tonight and when they start to spill their guts, I will know whether they’re playing one big ol’ game to get me out of there. And then I’ll play my idol if I need to.
1. Trish (1/2): So we totally bamboozled Cliff. He was so clueless that he was going to go home tonight. The core alliance was Lindsey and Cliff, period. We got rid of Cliff and she’s on her own.
2. Lindsey (1/1): Trisha started in on me and she is a bully. She’s got the mouth as big as a (expletive censor)ing horse and emotionally, I don’t think I can really take it. I do not want to play this game with Trisha, so I am going to take whatever sanity I have left and I’m gonna have to figure out what I’m going to do for the rest of the time because I am not going to do this. I am not going to stick around Trisha’s mouth.
3. Trish (2/2): Lindsey disappeared for a while and I was thinking we should go check on her. She left in her bra and underwear and even though I didn’t like her, I wouldn’t want her to injure herself. I mean, I still care about her as a person.
4. Tony (1/6): Just as we expected: you turn the head, the body always follows. She was the body, Cliff was the head. She followed right behind him out the exit door. And it was a beautiful thing. Two for the price of one.
5. Woo (1/1): Prior to Tribal Council, I was aligned with Cliff and Lindsey, so for Cliff and Lindsey to be gone, now it puts me in a, in a really tough position. If we were to go to Tribal Council, I could definitely project myself going.
6. Tony (2/6): There’s so much more energy in the camp now that Cliff is gone and now that Lindsey’s gone. We went there and we made a statement: we’re less in numbers, but we’re high in morale. And we showed it to them and we won the challenge.
7. Tasha (1/3): We lose the Reward Challenge and the reward today is a tribe raid. So when Tony and Woo came, like, our hearts dropped.
8. Tasha (2/3): I came from Luzon and we were living in pretty bad conditions so when we got over to Aparri, we were like, “This is the lap of luxury!” And who knew that it could be so short-lived.
9. Tony (3/6): So after winning today’s Reward Challenge, Jeff gave us instructions on what we can do in that tribe. There was also a part two to the instructions and it was a Hidden Immunity Idol clue. Woo and myself read it and it didn’t pertain to the Aparri beach. It pertained to the Solana tribe where we have a wall of rocks.
10. Tony (4/6): I think it would be great to try to oust one of these people to stir up the pot and the strongest person on the Aparri team right now is Jeremiah.
11. Tasha (3/3): Tony and Woo decide to give Jeremiah a clue to a Hidden Immunity Idol. So, honestly, I think they’re sending a signal to Jeremiah that, “We want to work with you.”
12. Tony (5/6): So I gave him the clue. Meanwhile, I’m sure it was going through everybody’s mind at the tribe, like, “Why is Jeremiah getting the scoop? What’s going on?” So they already, probably... Their wheels are spinning, like “Uh-Oh, he’s gonna go find the idol,” blah-blah-blah, blah-blah-blah.
13. Jeremiah (1/2): I opened up the clue and I read it. It’s the exact same clue that we had at the Beauty tribe. I was like, “You gotta be kidding!” Y’know? Tony and Woo, they don’t know me from Adam. They just said, y'know “We’ve got a Hidden Immunity Idol clue and, uh, we choose Jeremiah. We’re gonna give it to him.” I’ve got six people watching me. They’re gonna be watching every move I make, you know what I mean? I might be the next one voted out!
14. Jefra (1/2): Tony and Woo brought back tons of comfort items. We’ve got a mosquito net, pillows, blankets, spices, salt, pepper! Things that LJ and I haven’t got to enjoy from the very beginning.
15. Jefra (2/2): Tony is playing this game full-out, y’know, hardcore balls-to-the-walls. Every way possible, he’s lying, stealing and cheating, um, and I’m just glad he’s on my side!
16. Tony (6/6): I bonded with the old Aparri tribe for thirteen days and I had nothing. Nothing for them. No feelings for any of them except for Trish. I come here to the new Solana tribe and we just bonded and it’s just harmonious now.
17. LJ (1/1): So to solidify that he is trustworthy, Tony exposed that he lied... Different. Y’know, I didn’t peg him as a smart guy, but he has a lot on his mind and he’s not a dummy by any means and I, and I realized, by him exposing all that stuff, that I do need to be on my toes every single point in the game.
18. Alexis (1/4): Tony and Woo told us that they had a clue to our Hidden Immunity Idol and they got to elect one person to share it with. They picked Jeremiah which got so many minds thinking and, um, really stirred stuff up over here, so I need to clean it up and I need to make things a little bit more clear-cut because the one person right now that I think is the most untrustworthy is Jeremiah.
19. Spencer (1/4): Alexis came up to me and it almost seemed like she had planned what she wanted to say which suggests, to me, she could be playing us a little bit and I think Alexis is a little smarter than she likes to let on. I like girls who own how smart they are and what they can do. Y’know, Alexis is pretty phony to me, so I think that hurts her. She’s not to be trusted as far as making moves.
20. Jeremiah (2/2): The clue that I got from Tony is the same clue that we had at the other tribe. He said he had to take it back with him, so I handed it to him and he took off. Tony’s made a mess for me. Now I gotta work my way through it.
21. Spencer (2/4): Jeremiah’s story is tough to buy. What I think is that Jeremiah got a new clue. It was wrapped, it was a new clue. It looked like a real clue and it looked like a clue to an idol that's actually here. He’s not fooling anyone.
22. Sarah (1/1): Tony shouting out, “Yeah! Top Five! We made the final five!” and I counted five people over there and I wasn’t standing over there. So I think that’s a pretty tell-tale sign that I’m not included in their future plans. So I guess I’m moving on and I’ll make a new alliance.
23. Alexis (2/4): Today was a bummer because we lost the challenge and it sucks because now we have to go to Tribal and I hate Tribal Council. It’s not... It’s, like, the worst place in the world.
24. Alexis (3/4): After the challenge, the new Solana tribe was celebrating and Tony blatantly shouted, “Top Five, Top Five!”
25. Alexis (4/4): Their confidence really revealed a lot today. They gotta think that one of the new Aparri is with them post-merge and the only other person that anybody from their tribe has talked to is Jeremiah. So I-I think that they believe they have Jeremiah as their sixth number.
26. Spencer (3/4): Alexis tried to convince us that we need to blindside Jeremiah. Alexis is trying to make us think that Jeremiah will flip.
27. Spencer (4/4): The Brain tribe can really go either way right now. In a merge situation, Jeremiah is a liability. It’s a question of who’s the bigger liability: Jeremiah or Alexis? Both have connections on the other side, both could potentially make deals against us. We’ll say yes to Alexis’ plan, we’ll tell her that Jeremiah being blindsided makes sense for us and then we’ll make the decision of what “actually’’ makes sense for us.
28. Kass (1/1): For tonight, it does seem that the Brains are kinda in control. I mean, everyone knows we’re three tight people and we’re gonna vote as a block. We could go with Alexis and get rid of Jeremiah or we could just vote out Alexis. Everyone’s kinda gonna follow our lead. So I think the Brains are in a great position and we just needed people to boss around. The Brain needed a body. We found our zombies, now we’re in. (smirks)
1. Spencer (1/4): I feel great after Tribal. Tribal bettered my game. Now everyone is buying into the Six. If we merge tomorrow, that’s the best news possible for this tribe, because right now we control the game. We have six and they have five.
2. Kass (1/9): This group is allegedly a solid six. If we can all stay strong as a core, we can run the show and take out a less obvious target like Trish or Jefra. It sounds so simple, but the best-laid plans often end up sprawled out on a murder scene floor.
3. Sarah (1/9): It might get ugly around here. For her to accuse me of not staying true to my word hit a chord with me. People don’t like to be called a liar and, pretty much, I got called a liar without being called a liar.
4. Sarah (2/9): What more do I have to do to prove to you that I’m loyal? That’s where we’re gonna have a crack is when you guys stop having faith in me and I feel it. When I know that you guys think that I’m teetering, that’s gonna push me away.
5. Kass (2/9): In my business, we go with the hard evidence. And just because you vote with us one vote doesn’t mean I believe you’re true. You did what she had to do, in my opinion. That doesn’t speak of loyalty. That speaks of desperation and a wise move. You haven’t proven anything to me except you’re saving yourself. Show me blood on your hands from a former tribemate and then we’ll talk.
6. Tony (1/7): When I first started this game, I wasn’t having fun with my tribe members. Now I’m out here with the new Solana tribe and I’m having fun with everybody. Day 17 and I’m having the time of my life. But it’s kinda boring to be honest with you because there’s no scrambling going on, there’s no trickery going on, there’s no spying. And that’s fun for me, y’know?
7. LJ (1/1): Now that we have a merge, it’s an exciting thing and it’s a nerve-wracking thing at the same time because it’s six against five and we could be in trouble. Thank God I still have that Hidden Immunity Idol in my pocket.
8. Tony (2/7): The feeling that I have with this idol, I feel like it’s an extra person in my alliance. We have five, plus the idol. If any of my tribe, the Solana Five, need it, I’ll help them out. So I think we’re in pretty good shape.
9. Spencer (2/4): We are joining tribes. I think it’s a merge. I hope it’s a merge. But bottom line is, the other tribe is coming over. We’re all going to be living on the same beach.
10. Spencer (3/4): When those five get here, it’s us against them and I’m not going to let anyone forget that.
11. Sarah (3/9): When the boat pulled up, I was nervous to see my old tribemates. It was like, y’know, that friend that you have from high school that you haven’t talked to in years. Then they start handing their belongings off along with food. I’m like: Ah! (gasps in amazement)
12. Jefra (1/1): I didn’t anticipate seeing my girl Alexis gone. Like, that was a shoo-in for me! We were like this, (crosses fingers) y’know, and I could've easily persuaded her to be on our side. And I’m thinking: “Oh snap! What do we do now?”
13. Tony (3/7): Wow, there’s a Hidden Immunity Idol with special powers?! I mean, it’s powerful enough on its own, but now it’s special powers? There’s only one way to find out what these special powers can be, and I guess that person that finds that idol is the only person that’s going to know what those special powers are. Of course I’m going to go look for it. I’ll spend, two, three, four days looking for it!
14. Spencer (4/4): It’s like Christmas freaking morning. Part of the excitement of being at the merge was just shock that I made it. Y’know, I was at the bottom of a tribe that was one of the worst tribes in Survivor history and somehow I’m here at the merge and I have new life. I’m in the driver’s seat. Now I’m tight with Sarah, I’m tight with Jeremiah, I’m tight with this group of six that could potentially run the game of Survivor after the merge.
15. Tony (4/7): We might be in some trouble. Six against five is pretty tough, so the only hope that I had, personally, was Sarah ‘cause Sarah was an old Aparri and, uh, she swore on her badge to me, telling me that she wants to be with me. But my biggest fear is that if Sarah doesn’t flip, we’re done; I’m done. I don’t want to be done.
16. Tony (5/7): As it stands right now, there’s a group of five which is my alliance and there’s a group of six where it’s half Brain and half Beauty and then you have Sarah. That makes the sixth person. We need one person to come on our side and it’ll flip the script and make it six my side, and five their side. So Sarah... I’m hoping Sarah’s the missing link to this.
17. Tony (6/7): My goal is to make Sarah believe that I want to sit at the Top Two with her, just like we mentioned. Two cops sitting in front of the jury. So I’m gonna promise her, I’m gonna guarantee her, I’m gonna do whatever it takes to reassure her that I’m not lying to her, that I really want her to come on our side and move forward with the game as opposed with the other tribe.
18. Sarah (4/9): I am in the best spot that you can be at in this game because five and five (shows hands) and guess what? I’m in the middle. It’s a Sarah sandwich! It’s perfect!
19. Sarah (5/9): I never expected to be the decision maker, so it’s... It truly is a predicament, but whichever side I go, I’m sitting pretty because I will decide the fate of this game.
20. Jeremiah (1/1): I don’t have no Hidden Immunity Idol, so I’ll be honest with you. I think LJ’s got it and that’s what worries me. And that’s what’s… it’s what’s making me really nervous about this game.
21. Sarah (6/9): I think it’s completely idiotic to pick a fight with me. I’m not saying, “Let me be the princess” and walk around in... and walk on eggshells around me, but the last thing you want to do is piss me off.
22. Sarah (7/9): I can do whatever I want, y’know. You want to pick a fight with me, I’ll flip over with those other guys, so don’t test me because I will put you in your place and send you packing.
23. Kass (3/9): Dude, I’ve said it once, I’ve said it a million times. I don’t trust the cop. When someone in an alleged alliance of six says, “I’m only voting for these people and I absolutely will not vote for this person,” it lets me know that she’s not in the Six. She’s in the One.
24. Kass (4/9): When you come to me and you say, “Well, if I go with them, who are my former tribemates, they’re gonna let me choose who goes out,” and she comes to us and says, “I’m telling you who I want out.” In my view, no one in this game should have that much power. Who made her queen? I can’t even look at her, I just want to punch her sometimes.
25. Trish (1/1): I wake up this morning… (imitates cat fighting sound) RAWR! is what I heard. I heard all of a sudden a couple of girls going at it. It's between Kass and Sarah, I believe. The fight made me happy because that made me realize that they weren’t as strong as a six as I thought they were and they’re cracking before we even get to the challenge. It’s like “Whoa!” So obviously they’re all feeling a little bit paranoid.
26. Tasha (1/1): When I heard about Kass and Sarah’s exchange, I didn’t care who was right, who was wrong. My main concern was getting those two back on the same page.
27. Kass (5/9): I totally think Tasha took Sarah’s side in the argument. What the heck? Someone in the alliance treats someone poorly, everyone panders to the bully? I felt like saying it to Tasha: well, what about me? How come you’re not being nice to me? What am I? Chopped liver? Oh, wait: you’re done with me. I got it.
28. Kass (6/9): I know Sarah’s against me, I know Tasha’s against me. Y’know, I know where I stand but at this point, the Six are falling apart.
29. Sarah (8/9): There’s eleven people. We have a solid five, a solid five and me. I can make the choice. I think there are harder competitors on Tony’s side and I would rather go with the weaker side, so I am with the New Aparri. I think we’re solid. The only rift that we have is between Kass and I. I will make the decision on who goes home next. I get to decide. I’m the president right now.
30. Kass (7/9): The original agreement was play it cool, we’ll probably take out Jefra or Trish to get the numbers. Then let’s meddle with the big boys who might have idols or strategies. But Sarah said it’s gotta be a Tony. She thinks she’s running the show. Does nobody see this? Am I the only one? I know she’s about to destroy the game. If she’s going to destroy the game, I want to have the preemptive strike. I want to destroy it.
31. Sarah (9/9): Listen, stupid, I know this. I’m not an idiot. Getting rid of Tony is nothing personal. It’s actually a huge compliment to him. Tony and I have a relationship because he’s a police officer and I’m a police officer. But he is the biggest threat in this game. He observes everything, he’s sneaky. He’s just like me and I would get rid of me if I could.
32. Tony (7/7): When Sarah’s telling me, “Let me think about it, let me make my decision at Tribal Council.” Are you kidding me?! I couldn’t believe she said that! And I look at her and you know what? They were right. I talked to Sarah and I got a good, strong feeling that she’s not coming on our side. So one thing’s for sure. If I feel a little iffy-iffy, that idol’s being played. I’m not going home with the idol.
33. Kass (8/9): Trish, uh, slipped me a little bit of the old mickey. She told me that they were going to vote for Sarah. Surprising to me, but maybe they’re smarter than I think. They’re probably smarter than my other five if they’re thinking Sarah’s the bad seed. So maybe I wanna switch allegiance.
34. Kass (9/9): I love that Sarah thinks she’s running the show. New Aparri is voting for Tony at the bequest of Queen Sarah; Solana is voting for Sarah. I truly believe I’m the one in the middle. I think I have usurped Sarah’s throne tonight and once again, Chaos Kass will show up at Tribal.
1. Spencer (1/9): Tribal was insane. We voted for Jefra. She should have gone home and we dodged these idols. It’s all for nothing because Kass flipped and we’re screwed. Kass will fly in the face of strategy just because of how she feels. She’ll go, basically, wherever her estrogen takes her, not where her brain takes her.
2. Kass (1/6): The alliance of six let me go to the bottom and the number one rule of Survivor isn’t to cater to the person on top; it’s wonder about the person on the bottom.
3. Kass (2/6): It’s like I pulled off a hat-trick on Survivor. I got rid of the girl I wanted to get rid of and two big lugs played their idols unnecessarily. Triple win, right? I knew they were going to be mad. So I pissed off five people, but I gained five friends. The pissed-off people are going to get over it, so I don’t have an alliance. I am a free agent and everybody’s mad I messed up their game ‘cause I’m playing my game.
4. Kass (3/6): I’m fairly certain that Morgan is in a constant state of center of the universe. She’s like an old dog. Like y’know, you have like a fourteen-year-old dog that you’re just keeping alive because you love it. You don’t mind that it pees on the floor and you have to go feed it, but all it really does is sit there. That’s Morgan.
5. Morgan (1/3): Kass, she said that y’know, I'm being really mean to her. I don’t think I’m being mean to her. I’m ignoring her. Maybe that’s mean, but I think she’s been, y’know, ignored and made fun of all her life and she should be used to this. With Kass, I feel like she’s just a bitter, ugly old lady and this sounds really conceited, but I think she hates me because I’m cuter than her and I’ve always been cuter than her. Kass is stupid. She needs to go. I’ll make sure of it.
6. Tony (1/6): I am so pissed off that we didn’t win that challenge today where we could’ve went and eaten a nice juicy steak. But you know what they say? It’s better to be pissed off than to be (expletive censor) on.
7. Kass (4/6): I’m not even in an alliance. I’m still a free agent. No one has said, “Kass, you’re in.” But there’s an assumption that I’m in and already Tony and Trish said, “Well, who would you want gone next?” I said, “I don’t care, as long as it’s not me.” And I want to reinforce that so there’s a comfort level when I’m ready to come in for the kill.
8. Tony (2/6): Kass is telling me how she’s gonna be solid with us. She seems sincere, but she’s really hard to read because she doesn’t have any facial expressions. She’s just like a stone face. I can’t tell if she’s lying to me or not, and I’m a police officer. So I’m hoping she stays with us, but again, you always gotta prepare for the worst. Last night at Tribal, LJ and I played idols. But there’s a Hidden Immunity Idol with special powers around camp. That’s a needle in a haystack. But there’s nothing but time on this Island, so I went out there and I started looking in tree holes, climbing trees. I’m doing all kinds of stuff ‘cause I need to find that idol! It’s a security blanket that I would love to cover myself with.
9. Morgan (2/3): When we first arrived at Outback, we were greeted by the Grilled Pineapple-Rita which had bacon in it and we’ve been talking about bacon this whole time, so that was amazing.
10. Morgan (3/3): We started off with a salad and it was honestly the best salad I’ve ever had. We went on to, like, a fully-loaded baked potato and then the steak was just amazing.
11. Spencer (2/9): The steak was the best thing I’ve tasted – probably ever.
12. Spencer (3/9): Out here, I’m not concerned with manners and so I just said: “Forget the napkin, I’m eating!” And it takes about until the end of the meal for me to finally realize my hands are gross and wipe them off. I open my napkin and out falls a piece of paper. I wonder what that could be? So I put it in my pocket because I think it’s going to be some kind of clue to an idol. I need a game-changer right now and this could be it.
13. Spencer (4/9): I get to camp and all of a sudden, a downpour comes on, so I’m just trying to keep this thing dry. Tribal Council isn’t that far away, so time is money right now.
14. Woo (1/6): I am a big fan of Survivor and I know that when there’s a reward like the Outback shack, there’s usually a clue to the Immunity Idol. And all of a sudden, y’know, Spencer takes off, so what do I do? I start to follow Spencer.
15. Woo (2/6): I’m gonna pull out something out of my arsenal which is my ninja stealth mode.
16. Woo (3/6): You better believe I’m going to be lurking from the shadows. Boom! I spot him. He’s digging through the side of a wall and automatically, I’m assuming he’s looking for the Immunity Idol.
17. Woo (4/6): I go to pick up his pants and as soon as I do – boom – out pops the clue to the idol. Who’s gonna take that clue and hand it back to him? No way.
18. Woo (5/6): I hightail it – boom! – Sonic the Hedgehog style. I’m cruising through the paths. (zigzags with hand) There’s no way he’s catching me.
19. Spencer (5/9): Woo bolted with the clue and that guy can run. I knew that pandemonium was about to ensue.
20. Woo (6/6): I knew that it wasn’t going to be easy finding the Immunity Idol by myself, so immediately I run to camp like, “Yo, LJ, you gotta follow me, man.” And then from there, the search party is on.
21. Spencer (6/9): When Woo ran to camp, I knew that it was time for me to get my troops in line as soon as possible. It’s a race to see who can get it first.
22. Tony (3/6): It’s a mad treasure hunt for this idol and you know me: I love action. So I was like, you know what? I’m in. Count me in! Which way is this?
23. Tony (4/6): You have two different alliances just looking for an idol at the same time. You know it’s bad when Morgan – the girl that you can’t tell if she’s a pillow or a person ‘cause she doesn’t do anything – you know it’s serious when she’s up on her ass and she’s looking for this idol.
24. Tasha (1/1): Everyone's looking. It's a race to see who finds it first.
25. Spencer (7/9): I would say stress is at a peak right now. I’m in a bad position. We have everyone looking for this idol and it’s likely that whoever finds it will find it right in front of everyone.
26. Spencer (8/9): After this whole fiasco with Woo stealing my clue and everyone going to look for the idol at once, I’m digging and I’m right by Kass and right in front of me is the idol. And Kass is watching me like a hawk. So I keep digging and acting like I haven’t found it. I wait until she’s not looking, stuff it in my pants, walk the other way. Kass is so blind that I found it right in front of Kass' face and she didn't see! Today was complete euphoria. I’m still shocked that I found it. It could not have worked out better. My position in the game is just on the brink of ecstasy and devastation all the time, but it’s a whole new game as far as I’m concerned and I bought myself a lot of time, potentially.
27. Tony (5/6): Spencer was very desperate to win and he won. He pulled it off. That’s the will that you need out here, y’know, to survive.
28. Tony (6/6): Tasha’s definitely a physical threat and a social threat. But Morgan does not deserve to be here. People that work hard, that bust their ass around camp, deserve to be here. People like Morgan, that don’t do anything – they don’t deserve to be here. As far as numbers, my alliance is in the power position right now. It’s six of us against four of them. But it’s not as easy as it sounds. The problem with tonight’s Tribal Council is going to be that if Spencer found that idol, it’s going to be very tricky on who we vote for. If they have an idol and we vote for the person that used the idol, one of us six is going home. If they don’t have an idol and Kass flips back with them, there’ll be a tie: 5-5. We draw rocks. One of us goes home. So I’m hoping she stays with us because if she doesn’t, it’s gonna cause some trouble.
29. Spencer (9/9): It’s kinda ridiculous, but our option now is Kass. The person who just screwed us over is the one person who might be crazy enough to help us. I am safe because I won immunity, so I know that the idol could help, but it would only work if I had someone who would flip with it. Someone who’s willing to flip could tell us who they’re going to vote for, help me use my idol successfully and change the dynamic of the game.
30. Kass (5/6): I knew this would happen. Just the human in you wants to forgive someone and be friends again. So I was banking on that when I made my move – that the five people I allegedly betrayed would get over it, ‘cause there’ll be many more betrayals.
33. Kass (6/6): In my opinion, Spencer had some pretty good arguments. I would not want to sit next to Tony. I think he’s too charming and everybody likes him. Morgan is annoying and she’s a bitch, but she’s gonna stay that way, so she’s not really a threat. Y’know, she’s just extra luggage we’re carrying around here. At this point, people know I am willing to play this game. They’ve brought me their game plan and I can either go with it or change people’s lives. And that’s how I am in the courtroom, too. I do trial by ambush. It’s not a recommended strategy by any legal authority. It’s probably not a recommended strategy by any Survivor authority, but I love the ambush and I love the blindside.
1. Tony (1/10): When Jeff turned over that card and it said “Tony,” I probably pooped on myself. I wasn’t expecting to see my name. I’m a forty-year-old, bald, old man. You have Woo that’s clearly more athletic than me. You have LJ that’s younger and more athletic than me. Why am I a threat? Why is everyone trying to get me out?
2. Tony (2/10): Now, here we are again: six against three. But it’s never that easy just because you have three sitting ducks. I could be gone tomorrow. I’m not going to sit there and make a fool out of myself by saying, “Yeah, I can’t wait for when we get to the six.” That chance might never come for me. And it’s definitely not going to come for some of them.
3. Trish (1/4): I think a lot of the trouble in this game comes from when people start getting paranoid; people start getting impatient. Tony definitely has some paranoia and some OCD stuff and some... He spins a lot. His brain is going all the time. But this is a game of patience right now. So hopefully he doesn’t do anything stupid.
4. Tony (3/10): Looking at LJ is like looking at myself in the mirror. He’s sharp, he’s keeping himself two, three steps ahead. So I would like to see LJ gone, but I don’t want to be the bad one to get rid of LJ because he is my alliance. We’re tight and he trust me 100%. So I have to try to trick LJ to make him want to break a promise that he made to one of our six. Once he does that, that’s my safe way out. I’m not only leading the horse to the water, but I’m going to make the horse drink the water. That’s my goal right now.
5. Tony (4/10): I’m telling LJ that I’m very nervous about Woo having an idol, but it’s not true. LJ proposed to me: “Let's blindside Woo.” That’s all I wanted to hear. So I’m going to tell people, “You don’t know what he’s thinking.” He’s quiet and he’s sneaky, and that’s more scarier than a person like me. Y’know, I’m in your face, but LJ, on the other hand, he’s been thinking about all you guys since Day 1 behind your backs and you wouldn’t even know about it. And that’s what I have to do. I have to pin everybody against LJ.
6. Tony (5/10): So today we get Tree Mail and it says it’s gonna be a Reward Challenge. And when you go in for immunity and get pampered and people get sensitive and emotions come out, they might form bonds. There’s possibility of talk there. There’s possibilities of strategies being mentioned and scenarios. So it’s very scary and that’s why I want to win this challenge. If anybody’s strategizing, coming up with plans, it’s gonna be me.
7. Tony (6/10): Winning reward – sometimes it can be very crucial in the game. I’m gonna talk to Spencer and Jeremiah because I’m thinking of blindsiding LJ. I mean, you might as well just call me “The Opportunist” because if I see an opportunity, I’m gonna jump on it.
8. Woo (1/2): Coming back from the challenge, I’m just picturing myself getting my mani and pedi on while just grinding down a nice fatty chicken wrap and just following that bad boy down with a nice cold mimosa. But, y’know, boom! I snap back into reality like oh man, I’m gonna be probably spending hours on the fire and, y’know, eating a plate of white rice. But, y’know, on a lighter note it’s kinds nice to know that my boy Tony is going to keep an eye on Spencer and Jeremiah and just make sure they don’t jeopardize our game plan.
9. Jefra (1/1): Everybody’s down because we didn’t win the reward, but personally, it doesn’t bother me. As great as it would have been, I’m still here in the game and I really do believe in our core six. And I think we all know that it’s best if we stick together right now.
10. LJ (1/5): The fact that Tony got a lot of votes at Tribal Council made him really feel like: “They want to get rid of me, they want to get rid of me!” But it doesn’t matter because I built a strong bond with Tony that my loyalty is there. I pulled that idol out for him and we’re in it to the end. And I trust that he’ll do the right thing.
11. Trish (2/4): Tony’s panicking ‘cause he thinks that Woo might have found the idol. And I know how to get to Tony. So I said, “OK, I can tell Tony that he needs to relax.”
12. LJ (2/5): I made a plan for the future and it relies on patience and as long as we go with the plan, we can control everything.
13. Spencer (1/4): For me, Reward Challenges are a chance to better my position in the game. Right now, I definitely have the odds stacked against me, I’m not in a powerful position and I’m down, but I’m not out. And I’ve been down before and I got back up. So there’s no reason I can’t get it back. I was really happy to be paired up with Jeremiah, who’s kind of like my right-hand man at this point, and Tony, a guy I’d like to hear from and see where his head is at. Who knows? Maybe it will give me new life in the game.
14. Tony (7/10): Talking to Jeremiah and Spencer is allowing me to have another big move that’s gonna get me to the top. I just need them for one vote when it’s time to take LJ out and then I’ll go back to my alliance. But right now, they’re desperate. When people are desperate, you do the thinking for them. So whatever I tell them, they’ve got to go with it. If they go against me, they’re sealing their own fate.
15. Jeremiah (1/1): Tony saying that he’s guaranteeing that he’s got my back, that he’s guaranteeing that he’s got Spencer’s back. Y’know, his wheels are turning and he’s trying to play the game. So right now, I’ve got to believe him a little bit. Y’know what I mean? But still I have my doubts. He might be playing us. He might be just getting us pumped up thinking we’re feeling all good then our name’s wrote down, you know what I’m saying?
16. Spencer (2/4): Right now I’ll be honest. I don’t trust Tony all that much. Tony is playing a lot of people right now. He’s juggling a lot of balls and I’m just one of them. He doesn’t know this, but I have an idol and if I feel uneasy, I will not hesitate to use it. But I’m going to tell Tony that I trust him one hundred percent because if he can take me a little further down the road, I might find a little detour that could take me all the way.
17. Tasha (1/3): It’s Day 25 and I’m in a three-person alliance up against a six-person alliance. It doesn’t take a CPA like myself to do that math. So I need to convince someone to flip or make a big move. And I think LJ is smart enough to realize that Tony is not going to take another strong guy to the end.
18. LJ (3/5): Tasha wants to take me aside and have a conversation. I told her I was willing to listen, but Tony’s just a flaming ball of anxiety right now and if I go take a walk somewhere with Tasha, that is just more fuel to the fire. Either way, there’s no situation where I feel like she can benefit me in my future gameplay because I trust Tony. He’s the reason I’m still out here. So long as we stick to the plan we have attacked, we’ll be good.
19. Tasha (2/3): I invited LJ to rendezvous with me to discuss some strategy and he stood me up. If LJ was man enough to make a big move, he can take Jefra, Spencer, Jeremiah and I and blindside Tony. But it’s clear Tony’s running the show around here and everyone is under Tony’s thumb. So unless something changes, I’m screwed.
20. Tony (8/10): This challenge today is huge. I’m thinking in my head: LJ’s a clever guy. It’s going to be a matter of who throws the first punch between the both of us. Timing is everything and this could be my time to strike. So if LJ doesn’t win immunity, he might be the next one going home.
21. LJ (4/5): When Tash won the immunity, y’know, immediately my mind starts cranking. Tonight, all we need to do is split the votes three-three between Spencer and Jeremiah so that pending everyone sticks to the plan, one of them is going home.
22. Tasha (3/3): I’m so excited. This was a do or die challenge for me today. I knew that I had a one-third chance of being voted out tonight so this pretty little thing around my neck secures three more days in this game for me. So, in your face, LJ. (laughs)
23. LJ (5/5): I, actually for the first time in this game, feel comfortable. We have a majority of six, so Spencer and Jeremiah are easy pickings. But Tony’s concerned that Woo might have an idol and maybe we should do something about it which is so stupid. I mean, we made a plan that we’re all agreed to, we all did our pinkie swear. So we need to just stick to the plan.
24. Tony (9/10): Here’s the deal: I’m not going to wait to get a punch thrown at me by LJ. He said he was willing to blindside Woo. It’s true I kind of set him up, but I don’t care. I’m gonna try to pin all the trouble making around camp on LJ because that’s what I have to do. LJ’s a threat. So I gotta strike now before he gets the idea of doing it to me. But first, I have a lot of work to do.
25. Woo (2/2): I was one hundred percent down with the Six. But apparently LJ, Mister Con Man, for some reason wants to blindside me. If he’s coming to Tony, my closest ally, and saying Woo is gonna go, we might have to make a big move before he does. I trust Tony that he’s got my back, so it’s great to have him on my side. And if all goes well, man, it’s gonna be another huge night at Tribal Council.
26. Spencer (3/4): Tony initially wanted to save me and Jeremiah for a later move. But apparently, LJ is plotting to get out Woo. So Tony’s ready to make a big move now.
27. Spencer (4/4): I’m definitely stoked. It’s kind of like Christmas morning. I woke up expecting to see nothing but ashes and coal under the tree, and there’s this present of “Let’s vote out LJ.” It’s kind of too good to be true. This could be a big lie so that I don’t play my Immunity Idol tonight. Still, I’m going to take anything I can get right now because if I can get just a little bit further down the road, have a few votes go my way, it’s a whole new game for me.
28. Trish (3/4): Tony’s getting really, really paranoid. He told me today at the well that LJ was trying to break the Six. But LJ told me a totally different story. He said, “Oh my God, Tony is totally freaking out. He wants Woo gone.” So, I don’t know what to believe now.
29. Trish (4/4): It’s definitely possible that LJ is up to something. I think LJ’s up to a lot because he wants to win. But Tony’s also played me and I am gullible, but I’m not stupid. So there’s no way that I’m going to break up the Six.
30. Kass (1/1): I love a good blindside, but it’s too soon. No one wants to make a big move right now. You’d be stupid. And I think Tony knows that. All six of us are in a great position as long as we stick with our alliance.
31. Tony (10/10): Right now, I have a huge plan in play, but Trish is telling me let’s just keep the Six strong. So if I get rid of LJ, there’s going to be a lot of hard feelings. Trish has been with me since Day One. She’s my closest ally, but if I do this, she might turn her back on me and the whole thing could blow up in my face. If that’s the case, then I’m going to have to stick with my alliance. I’d rather make my power move now, but in life, as in Survivor, you’ve got to know when to kiss ass and gotta know when to kick ass. And unfortunately I’m in a position right now where I might have to kiss ass and get rid of Spencer or Jeremiah.
1. Trish (1/3): Tony completely bamboozled LJ. At first, I felt like, “Oh wow, I wish I kinda knew.” But then immediately, I understood why he didn’t tell me. He was afraid the plan might get destroyed, so I wasn’t mad. I still trust Tony and Tony still trusts me.
2. Spencer (1/6): I like to plan around what I think people are going to do. Tony’s not so predictable. Tony likes big moves and I’m not going to complain about it because it benefited me. But he could do the exact same thing later and I can’t always count on him. The sooner we make a move against Tony, the better. I’m very tight with Jeremiah and Tasha. Now it’s a matter of finding out which stragglers we need to take along to make moves with.
3. Tony (1/9): Right now, my red flag is raised because I blindsided LJ. I’m in trouble, so I’m gonna have to do something to get myself out of it. Most people, including myself, we go all the way to the water well ‘cause it’s a bit further away from camp where people can’t hear you and that’s where they talk strategy. So I started working on some blueprints to make a nice little shack around the water well. The water well is here, there’s a tree there and I put some bushes and some shrubs and some broken branches where I can hide right in there and I’m within five feet away. That’s where I’ll be the most patient: when I’m sitting in my spy shack.
4. Tony (2/9): While I was doing my surveillance, I did hear Jefra and Trish talking and, uh, Trish said that Tony’s going to win a-an Academy Award for his acting skills.
5. Tony (3/9): Right now, in the game, I trust Trish, I trust Woo, I trust Kass. That’s pretty much it. I-I don’t really trust Jefra anymore because she doesn’t trust me and if she doesn’t trust me, I’m not gonna trust her. So now I’m in trouble.
6. Tony (4/9): We lost today’s challenge and the first thing that comes to my mind is we’re in trouble. Tony’s in trouble too, but we’re all in trouble now. There’s four people: Spencer, Tash, Jeremiah, Jefra – Jefra that doesn’t believe in me anymore; that doesn’t believe that she’s in an alliance anymore. That’s a problem. Bad things are going to happen.
7. Kass (1/1): I’m just tired of it. Tired of losing. But if I want a million dollars, I need to stick with this five. Woo, Tony, Trish and Jefra. From my point of view, Tony felt threatened and got rid of LJ. I’m not offended by someone making a move. Tony’s annoying, but my philosophy: keep the annoying people and get rid of the threats. If Spencer loses immunity, Spencer needs to go.
8. Tony (5/9): I’m telling Trish I’m trying to talk strategy, I’m trying to do something, trying to enlighten them on what’s going on; how-how crucial this was today. I mean, this can be the beginning of our demise. And she’s saying, “Where’s the limes and the papayas?” So Tony has to go strategise by himself as usual. And I just need a few minutes to myself, I’m gonna go look for the idol. As far as the idol that’s hiding in the riverbank, is very possible that Spencer, Tash or Jeremiah have it. But when we had a merge, it said hidden near camp is an idol with special powers. That’s all I know about it. Let me find that idol. I’ll be Super Tony. Tony in trouble no more.
9. Woo (1/3): I’m just, boom, jerking this papaya tree. Shaking, shaking, shaking, boom! And I get at least seven monster papayas. That branch that I had in my right hand was a dead branch that I didn’t realize and from there, I was trying to pull a Sylvester Stallone, like, Cliffhanger – like swing my left hand and as soon as I swing it, it snaps and I’m like, “Oooohhhhh...” (mimes falling) Boom!
10. Woo (2/3): If Spencer, Jeremiah, Jefra and Tasha – wow – these guys are on an epic reward and I’m thinking, “Oh man! This is exactly what I didn’t not want to happen.” But, y’know, I was very lucky to come out of it okay, um, and we got some fresh papaya and some limes, so, y’know, um, I’m pumped.
11. Spencer (2/6): The immunity was really, really cool. The caves had a scale about them that was just epic. There’s no other way to describe it.
12. Tasha (1/2): Although the cave was magnificent, even more magnificent was the table of food! It felt like your hometown barbecue.
13. Spencer (3/6): I was on the immunity with no distractions with my core alliance, Jeremiah and Tasha, and Jefra who we need to pull in. It was just perfect because I need Jefra to feel good about us and our four.
14. Jefra (1/3): Before I could even get the letter from home in my hands, I was already squalling and screaming. It was exactly what I needed. My mother’s words hit home for me so hard and… (tearfully) Y’know, as much as you don’t want to break down; as much as you don’t want to cry out here, sometimes it’s your only option.
15. Jefra (2/3): I’m a firm believer that everything happens for a reason and there’s not a doubt in my mind that I didn't win the Reward Challenge because I needed to hear exactly what my mom was telling me.
16. Jefra (3/3): I don’t feel safe with Tony. The rest of the alliance believes everything the man says, like he’s Jesus or something. I am more trusting of Tash, Jeremiah and Spencer at this point and it could be my opportunity to get rid of Tony now versus having to get rid of Tony later.
17. Tasha (2/2): As of now, the plan is for Spencer, Jeremiah, myself and Jefra to blindside Tony. The problem is it could be four and four and we may have to do a revote and go to rocks. But we feel like the most important person to vote out at this point in the game is Tony.
18. Tony (6/9): No necklace for Tony once again. So today, I’m not chopping down no wood, I’m not making a fire, I’m not boiling water. I’m on a mission. I need an Immunity Idol. In the past seasons of Survivor, it’s always something iconic. Something... Some landmark. So I figured there’s a crazy-looking tree behind Tree Mail. I checked that when I first came here. I’m gonna check that again. I’m looking for that special idol. And you know what? I’m gonna find it.
19. Trish (2/3): We get back to camp and I noticed something was wrong with Jefra. She-she wears her heart on her sleeve and she was, like, like almost looking like she was on the verge of tears.
20. Tony (7/9): So I went to the crazy-looking tree by Tree Mail. Nothing is there. So I say, “Y’know what? Let me just walk the path in case something pops out.” I run into a tree. It looked like a rocket ship! It had, like, these big roots like... I’ve never seen anything like it! I said, “I gotta start looking here.”
21. Tony (8/9): So I start digging, I start scratching. And then I felt something! So I took a piece of stick and I start digging, I start digging, I start digging! I said, “Oh please, please let this be it!” I almost passed out. I was just so happy. And then when I opened it, it’s the special idol. Oh! This special idol that I found today is priceless. After you see the votes, you can use it? (blows raspberry) Everybody’s eyes say, “Bing!”
22. Tony (9/9): You know how powerful that is? I’m gonna show you how powerful that is.
23. Trish (3/3): So I was questioning Tony’s integrity and he admitted double agents isn’t going to work and Jefra needed to hear that I was calling him out. And that’s why I did what I did. But I think she’s pretty loyal. I don’t think she’ll flip.
24. Woo (3/3): Y’know, Tasha’s safe tonight so for us to get rid of Spencer would be a no-brainer considering he’s good with the jury plus he is very capable of winning Immunity Challenges. Jeremiah, on the other hand, is one of those athletes that threatens our chances as well. But there’s one thing that we don’t have a hundred percent certainty on and that’s who has a Hidden Immunity Idol.
25. Jeremiah (1/1): I seen Jefra was in the water with her old alliance – everybody but me, Spencer and Tash – and, uh, I just knew something was up. I did put a little bit of trust in her, y’know, she shook my hand, she promises us and all that. And, uh, I guess they got the better of her.
26. Spencer (4/6): So Jeremiah realizes there’s a real possibility that one of us is going home tonight, so he decided to let the cat out of the bag and say that he’s a fashion model! It doesn’t surprise me that Jeremiah thinks him being a fashion model was this big deal, top secret thing that he can’t tell people. Y’know, that’s what you’d expect from the Beauty tribe and so I decided to return the favor.
27. Spencer (5/6): I told Tasha and Jeremiah about my idol because now is the time to go for it, roll the dice, take a chance. If it works out, it’s another shot. Y’know, the game is not over.
28. Spencer (6/6): I could play this thing for me, I could play it for Jeremiah, I could keep it. But if I use it wrong, I could be kicking myself for the rest of my life.
1. Jefra (1/1): Before Tribal, I thought it was a good idea to switch over and join Jeremiah and Tasha and Spencer because I’ve been wanting to turn on Tony. But I’m in this alliance and I’m trying to look at the bigger picture and I felt like it would probably hurt me worse to go against Tasha or Spencer at the end of this game.
2. Kass (1/3): I had this feeling that Spencer had the idol and, like a typical 21-year-old male, there was no way he was going to give that thing up. I mean, what is the most selfish beast on the planet? A college-aged male.
3. Spencer (1/7): I used the idol, and I used it wrong. So now my idol’s gone, my main alliance is gone and Tasha and I are an army of two up against this Goliath army of five. But the fact is that Tasha and I are still here. Tonight we lost the battle. We have not lost the war.
4. Trish (1/1): When they came with the Tree Mail, Woo says, “Oh, my back is really bothering me,” and I was like, “Oh my gosh, are you okay?” And I open it up and I almost wet my pants when I saw it in his back – the wallets of money – and I knew it was the Auction, so I was really excited. ‘Cause I knew, at least, I’d get something to eat. And that’s all I wanted was something to eat outside of rice.
5. Tony (1/13): Historically, in the game of Survivor, every time there’s an Auction, there’s always some kind of advantage to a challenge. The second I hear Jeff say, “Adva... (raises hand) Five hundred!” I want that advantage and I don’t want Spencer or Tash to have it.
6. Spencer (2/7): Right now, it’s me or Tasha going home. So me and Tasha have to be aggressive in this Auction, because this is our life right now.
7. Tony (2/13): My stomach is starting to tie up in knots. I-I-I didn’t know if I could hold out on temptation. I-I felt shaky, I felt light-headed and I just had to hold off. I wasn’t walking out of there without an advantage.
8. Spencer (3/7): Because there are so few people actually vying for the food, this auction was a buyer’s market. Great deals, all of this food for so little money and I can’t even watch.
9. Tasha (1/3): I was hoping that Jeff would offer one more item, and that would be a clue to the Hidden Immunity Idol, but unfortunately, I left with nothing. So in order for me to stay here, I have to win immunity.
10. Spencer (4/7): I needed an advantage in the game because right now, my head is top of the list on the chopping block and it was devastating. I draw the rock, I open my hand and the rock is white. Y’know, I just have a white rock. I have a new title. I’m the greatest loser at the Auction in Survivor history.
11. Kass (2/3): I had no guilt that Tony was the martyr for the team. I think I’ve done enough, so I felt glad. I mean, I won. Here I am, eating a giant meal and then I got to see Spencer have the true dejected look that I have come to know and love and expect from him when he knows he’s on the block.
12. Tony (3/13): There’s five people in my alliance. All of them were eating. I sacrificed all that food. I’m starving. So I-I felt kind of disgusted, y’know? It’s like, why-why put all that weight on my shoulders?
13. Tony (4/13): The girls don’t do anything. You guys wanted to eat, I starved. This is what I sacrificed not eating for. Right here. So as my alliance is all talking about how good they feel that they ate this and they ate that, I say, “Guys, I’ll be right back. I’m just gonna go for a walk up the beach.”
14. Tony (5/13): I open up my tube that I won at the Auction today and lo and behold: it’s not an advantage in the next Immunity Challenge, it’s a clue to a Hidden Immunity Idol!
15. Tony (6/13): As it stands right now, I have a special-power idol, and now I have the possibility of finding another idol that I can just do whatever I want with it. If I could find it, I don’t have to worry about nothing. Once I have this bad boy, I’m in power.
16. Tasha (2/3): If the group of five sticks together, the people on the chopping block are Spencer and myself. So I want Tony to know that there is a possibility that we could form an all-girl alliance and take him out. I want Tony to see me talking to them. Tony is a loose cannon. All you need to do is kinda light a little fire and he, basically, will spark.
17. Spencer (5/7): I’m trying to plant seeds that will fester and make this alliance split. And so it might mean creating some fake paranoia about an all-girls alliance. Even if it’s not happening at all, it’s very powerful in this game right now. If I can make Tony paranoid, that’s gold because Tony’s crazy. Tony is willing to play hard, but not always well, and that’s great in this game because if I can get someone in power to make mistakes and go ballistic, then, y’know, I’m still here and anyone could be going home at that point.
18. Tony (7/13): When Spencer told me that the girls could be in cahoots with each other, and they want to oust the guys, I was thinking that, “You know what? Hold up, don’t trust Spencer just yet ‘cause he’s desperate, but you’ve got to look into it.” Then I said to myself, “Y’know what? It just makes so much sense. They’re gonna say guys are threats – let’s just try to get rid of them one-by-one and they can do it because right now we have four girls, three guys.” All the tell-tale signs are there that they need to blindside me. They won’t want me to go to the end. But I’m not going anywhere. I’ll take matters into my own hands like I usually do.
19. Kass (3/3): I’m feeling good about our five, so I just kicked back and relaxed and it’s nice to know we’re going to have a non-adversarial day because no matter who wins immunity, we can get rid of Tash or Spence. I mean, you can see the light at the end of the tunnel.
20. Tony (8/13): After finding all that out with Spencer, then I said to myself, “You know what? It’s four girls and three guys. They might be up to something. They might want to make a power move.” So I say, “You know what? I’m gonna get that idol right now. That’s priority number one.”
21. Tony (9/13): That’s the third idol that I found this game! Right now, I currently have two idols in my possession –one special one, and one idol that I can just play around with. I can use it for me, I can give it to somebody to blind somebody else. I feel like I’m on top of the world – on top of this game!
22. Tony (10/13): I decided I was going to show my alliance that idol. I showed each individual one; I said, “Listen, I have the idol. We’re protected.” But what I really wanted to tell them is, “I’m protected, so don’t even think about voting for me.” It’s still four girls and, uh, I made a conscious effort to try and scare them a little bit. Just in case they’re even thinking or plotting to vote against me, they know I have an idol.
23. Tasha (3/3): For the third time in a row, Tasha has immunity. (grins) To have immunity means everything at this point in the game. Every day, people are reconsidering alliances, breaking alliances. So the plan all the way up to Tribal Council is to continue to talk to the girls and have Tony be suspicious of the girls. If he’s freaking out that they’ll flip, y’know, that’s... Either way, it works for me and possibly for Spencer as well.
24. Tony (11/13): Tonight at Tribal Council, if Tash didn’t win that necklace, she was going home. So now we have to resort to Plan B which is Spencer. This is the worst case scenario for me. Tasha’s still here. It’s still four girls. With Spencer gone, it’s only two guys now. It’s very easy to see it’s four against two! They could pick us off one-by-one! So you know what? I have to turn on one of the females in my alliance and the only female that I can turn on is Jefra right now. She was willing to turn on me. She was willing to turn on all of us. So it’s once again time to change the game.
25. Woo (1/1): Tony’s a brilliant player. Y’know, nine times out of ten, we’re clicking on the same level. We looked at each other – we knew exactly what the game plan was. We can’t get rid of Spencer.
26. Tony (12/13): But now here’s the problem: I won’t be able to tell Trish or Kass that I’m planning that, so we’re obviously going to need Spencer and Tash in this.
27. Spencer (6/7): The things that I’ve said to Tony have had an effect and this paranoia about an all-girls alliance is perfect. I mean, Tasha’s telling me she wants to do anything to help me stay. She’s my alliance. She’s my friend. I know Tasha’s willing to do something that will keep me in the game.
28. Spencer (7/7): To feel just about hopeless and then be given a Golden Ticket to new life in the game is incredible. Things might be looking up right now, but I don’t trust Tony all that much and if this plan fails, I’m out of the game. So this new idol with potentially more-powerful powers could really help me out.
29. Tony (13/13): He’s actually looking for that idol! And that, to me, is scary. It’s alarming that Spencer was doing that when I was trying to come up with a plan to save him. So I’m going through my mind: “Is voting off Jefra a good idea? Is it good for my alliance? Is it good for my game? Or is it better to just get rid of a threat like Spencer?” ‘Cause Jefra really is not a threat and Spencer’s lethal out here, y’know. You see what he’s done! I don’t know what to do at this point. I would say I’m driving myself crazy, but I don’t think it’s me driving myself crazy. I think it’s the game that’s driving me crazy.
1. Kass (1/12): I'm pissed off! Another blindside. Jefra taken out for crossing the Don, a.k.a. Tony, our mafia king. Anyone who crosses Tony gets their cement shoes and thrown in the pond.
2. Kass (2/12): I feel like they didn't learn the lesson from when I flipped from my other alliance which was don't leave someone out. I don't like to be the one slack-jawed at Tribal Council and that's now happened twice.
3. Spencer (1/6): I worked with Tony for the last blindside of Jefra and it really was kind of a one time deal but now the dynamic is changed. Now we have Kass and Tony fighting like cats and dogs and that's great for Tasha and I.
4. Kass (3/12): What the hell am I thinking sticking with this person? It's stupid. Play your game and I will play my game 'cause I'm done with him.
5. Spencer (2/6): I'm getting to know Tony more and I like him but I still think Tony is lying to everyone all the time out here and he's good at it. Going forward, it's tough to work with him because he's sly, he's playing harder than anyone and he's very, very dangerous.
6. Kass (4/12): So this morning, I just didn't feel like getting up today so I decided to just lay there and listen and I heard my name out of Tony's mouth. Tony said “Kass is such a bitch. Did you hear her last night?” He's just getting so bold with his trash talking and, uh, he just made me hate him even a little more.
7. Spencer (3/6): Kass legitimately misheard Tony. So now, Tony is actually telling the truth, which is rare. You know, this is a special moment and Kass doesn't believe it. Am I going to clear up the situation? No! Tony wasn't doing anything wrong but if Kass is mad at Tony it means she isn't mad at me and I'm sitting back enjoying the show.
8. Tony (1/6): For some reason Kass says “I heard you talking about me” and I'm looking at her and said “What are you talking about? Nobody's talking about you.” She's off her rocker. I don't know what's wrong with that girl and I don't even care. Just stay with me. Let's keep the numbers going. Let's-le-let’s keep on voting people off. Let me take you to the end with me so I can win the votes. That's all I care about.
9. Kass (5/12): So Tony moved up a level as a player by making two big moves, blindsiding LJ and blindsiding Jefra and using people outside his alliance to do that and not letting people in his alliance in. Now its put a red flag out there that Tony is willing to do anything to anybody. I mean, all the people who went with him were just cult members. I don't want to be a cult member. I want to kill the cult leader.
10. Tony (2/6): I don't like tension around camp. Kass, she was mad at me thinking that I said something about her. So I said “You know what? Let me just, let me just squash this and move forward according to plan so she doesn't get any brilliant ideas to try to oust me.”
11. Kass (6/12): Tony, I'm happy he's imploding. I like to have chaos and I like to have trouble. I like to see people at their breaking point in this game 'cause it brings out the worst in them and I expect that of him because he is an idiot.
12. Tasha (1/3): Kass is convinced that she heard Tony talking about her. I don't really know but you can't convince her that that event did not happen. But if the two of them are at each others throats then it takes the target off of me.
13. Kass (7/12): I don't give much credence to Tony's claim that he has this special idol because Tony is known for lying.
14. Woo (1/3): Today's reward was a phenomenal opportunity to give back to the Filipino community and to be an ambassador for Survivor and the moment we come out it's just mob deep of all these beautiful, young people. It was phenomenal. To see how stoke they were to receive a book bag was something very humbling that I'll just hold and possess in my heart for the rest of my life.
15. Spencer (4/6): I'm not really a kid person and I'll be the first to say that I don't even really like kids. It was a little overwhelming having all these little monsters swarming me. But once I got into it, I did enjoy it and it kinda surprised me in a good way that it was such a positive experience for me.
16. Kass (8/12): I loved Woo doing his martial arts and being an entertainer. He's definitely in his element. Woo's usually quiet. This is the most his spoken, in 31 days, is to you know a 100 kids. I really like Woo a lot more after seeing how he was with the kids. I haven't thought about the game for the last couple of hours but the kids have got to go back to class and we need to go back to Survivor 101 and I'm here with two people that could be allies. Considering what happened last night at Tribal I need some new allies.
17. Kass (9/12): I spoke with Spencer and Woo about working together to do a three-way split to get rid of Tony. Spencer and I had a lot of animosity in the past but now we have a common enemy. I'm no longer the enemy, Tony's the new enemy. And what do I always say bonds people well? Hatred and enemies!
18. Spencer (5/6): Kass has managed to screw up my game in the past but right now it's my best move to stick with Kass to take out Tony. Because if Tony has both idols, he goes from being a threat to the biggest threat there has been in this entire game.
19. Spencer (6/6): Honestly, working with Woo is stressful because all I'm getting from Woo is (imitates Woo) “Yeah! Yes! Something to consider! Right!”
20. Woo (2/3): At this point in the game, it's going to be an individual game and we'll all gotta to be looking out for ourselves. Playing this game from Day 1 with Tony, is hard to go against him but this game is doing what you can do to move yourself forward. So if that means that I gotta make a big move to take Tony out, is something that I'll definitely consider.
21. Kass (10/12): I think Woo is maybe getting in game mode. Walking back from the reward he just said “I'm on board.” And I like that he took that time to think about it. It shows me he's just not knee-jerk in this game.
22. Tony (3/6): Up to this point now, Woo has been a disciplined ally so I have no reason not to trust him, you know?
23. Tony (4/6): Woo was telling me “Oh yes, Spencer wanted to vote off Tash.” It didn't make no sense at all. And I'm saying to myself “OK, so you're lying to me!” You know, in Woo's mind he might think of making a power move right now. I might have been wrong about Woo all along.
24. Tasha (2/3): I'm so bummed. I didn't win the Immunity Challenge but I'm not done yet. There's still havoc to wreak. (laughs)
25. Tasha (3/3): Woo's very quiet, very stealth but I think Woo is ready to make a move. So hopefully he will do what he has said that he will do and I just have to put up an act like I could be going home tonight.
26. Tony (5/6): Tash, out of all people, did not win immunity today and she's not scrambling?! Especially when she knows it's her tonight. There's something going on.
27. Tony (6/6): As of now, I have two idols. One regular idol and one with special powers. Special powers that it has is that I can use it after the votes are read. I don't wanna play my special idol tonight but if they call my bluff, that I'm not using the regular idol, and they all put my name down, that special idol has to come out or I go home.
28. Kass (11/12): Tash knows she needs to get rid of Tony and she knows as long as it's not her it's great.
29. Kass (12/12): Hypothetically, if everybody hates him as much as I do, it actually can change my strategy. One thing I've learned in this game is it changes every hour. Now I'm starting to think “Is he our Russell who maybe makes it to the end and thinks he's God's gift?” and everybody is like “You're a total douche*bleep*!” I have to make a decision tonight based on can I beat Tony in the Final Tribal? And nobody ever gives the jerk the money so maybe I keep him. This is the position I love where I'm really the one making a decision. Either way, chaos will ensue.
30. Woo (3/3): Kass pulls me aside and she's like, “Do we wanna take out Tony and Trish or take out Tasha?” And I'm sitting here like “Whoa! This is insane!” This game it all comes down to that critical moment in the game and that is moments before Tribal Council. What are we going to do?
1. Spencer (1/5): At Tribal Council, Kass and Woo voted for Tasha so it turns out the deal that we had was a lie. So I left Tribal kinda confused.
2. Kass (1/8): At the end of the day, I realized that Tony has been a jerk to pretty much everyone at some point in the game. Maybe I rather go to the end with Tony who has burned so many bridges and just been so obnoxious that nobody wants him to win.
3. Spencer (2/5): I'm playing against Tony, who has played all these people like a fiddle, and three foolish players who don't think for themselves and I'm almost definitely next to go. But if I have any hope in the game is the fact that I'm playing with people who understand it so little.
4. Woo (1/4): I did consider blindsiding Tony but it's a move that I decided not to make because, honestly, I feel like sitting next to Tony at the end of the game, Top 3, would be a lovely thing since we started this game together. So I need him to see me as someone that wouldn't backstab him, someone who would be loyal to him to the end. So I decided to fill him in on what went down with the reward.
5. Tony (1/8): Woo has been with me since the beginning. He's proven his trust and his loyalty to me throughout. The kid is genuine and it just tears me apart that I'm gonna have to eventually blindside him. You don't want to take someone like Woo to the end because he might have a shot at getting a few votes. He might get a lot of votes and that's not good for business. I'm just thinking about my family. My wife told me “Tony, when you go out there, don't do anything stupid. Try to win the game.” Taking Woo to the end is stupid. I'm going to listen to my wife on this one.
6. Kass (2/8): I'm actually glad Tony picked Trish for the reward 'cause it just solidifies that those two are locked together. Tony's the alpha male out here and she's the female. They're like a couple of baboons. I'm surprised she's not picking ticks off of him right now. They are attached at the hip and everyone can see it and in my view no one in this game should have that much power.
7. Spencer (3/5): The pizza reward is kind of like a metaphor for what's going on in the game. Tony's winning, his taking along Trish, his right hand person, and no one seems to be bothered by that. Everyone seems to be handing Tony this game, much like the pizza, on a silver platter.
8. Trish (1/3): I've never seen anyone snort a pizza down like Tony. I saw it coming out of his nose, and his ears, and there was sauce, and there was pineapple flying everywhere. I was like “Whoa, dude! Slow down!”
9. Tony (2/8): Both the idols I have now, even the idol with the special powers, have to be used when it's down to five Survivors left. My intentions are to lie to them and act like the special power idol, I'm allowed to use it when there's four Survivors left. If they do believe my bluff, I'm guaranteed final three.
10. Tony (3/8): The game right now is in my hands. I have the power right now. I'm in the driver's seat and I want to stay strong with Trish and Kass because those are the two less likely people to win more votes over me. I know I have Trish but Kas and I, we have to solidify some kind of plan.
11. Kass (3/8): Tony decided to confront me and say “I heard that you were conspiring against me and I just want you to know that Woo told me all that and I'm OK with it but you shouldn't be doing that.” It was stupid of Woo to tell him but it was stupid of Tony to tell me. Tony pledged on his wife and his baby that he was still going to take me to the end so I've been forgiven by the mafia boss. But if I'm going to sit next to Tony in the final three, I need to show everyone that Tony is a bully. Just an extremely unlikable person and he won't get any votes from the jury. So Chaos Kass is back!
12. Kass (4/8): I told Woo that Tony swore on his baby and his wife that he's taking me to the final three, because at this point in the game you want as much paranoia as you can stir up especially among tight tight people. So he just screwed himself because now perhaps Woo doesn't trust him.
13. Tony (4/8): That was the last straw that broke the camel's back. It's like “Are you kidding me?!” Strategically, Kass is perfect to bring to the end but she's such an insult to this game! So, as far as I'm concerned we're done.
14. Kass (5/8): The typical strategy would be to get rid of Tony but he has at least one idol that we're aware of. Plus he's such a jerk I think I can beat him in the end. So I think the best option for me at this point is to pull in Woo and Spencer and screw up Tony's game.
15. Woo (2/4): I have been a close ally with Tony playing this game with him since Day 1 but its come out that he promised Kass, on his wife and baby girl, that he would take her to the final three. Which means that I know for, almost for a fact that Tony was going to blindside me. So my trust in Tony has gone down tremendously.
16. Trish (2/3): This morning I overheard Kass saying I was a goat and that maybe they should vote me out. Which really infuriated me because I've been sitting here trying to be nice to Kass this whole time which is really been exhausting for me. But I could tell you this, she'll be sorry she did that.
17. Spencer (4/5): Going into today my game was basically win immunity. Now there are some cracks I can work with which appears to be good news but at the same time I'm not stupid. I know that I'm still target number one. So even with everything going on at camp I need immunity and I'm gonna fight my ass for it.
18. Tony (5/8): Worst case scenario came true for me today. Spencer has won immunity once again so now we have to speed up the process of elimination from our own alliance. Which is going to be very, very, very hard.
19. Spencer (5/5): Winning immunity didn't just feel good, it was nirvana. I mean, this was a win of epic proportions. My back was against the wall, I had to win and I did. And now that I have immunity, these four are gonna have to turn on each other and cannibalize each other and I'm just gonna sit back and enjoy the show.
20. Trish (3/3): I'm not a passive-aggressive person. If I have a problem with somebody I go right to the source. And Kass, she's an agitator, she loves to get people angry at each other and there's only so much that you can take of somebody like that.
21. Kass (6/8): Trish went completely off the hook with me. I mean she looked like freaking Skeletor with her big blue eyes popping out and her skeleton fingers waving at my face.
22. Kass (7/8): Trish is pissed off because I threw her under the bus which is part of the game so get over it. But things got a little out of hand today. I mean is it gonna cost me my game? It could.
23. Tony (6/8): Today I was doing a lot of scrambling, a lot more lying. All because Kass went blabbing her mouth to Woo telling him that I was taking her to the final three. The problem is I didn't make any promises to Woo to go to the final three and now he's suspicious of me.
24. Tony (7/8): Kass might be a beautiful person on the outside world but as far as Survivor is concerned she is absolutely horrible. Why would she go and tell them I said all this stuff unless she was looking to blindside me? Therefore, she's going home. Period.
25. Woo (3/4): Tony's been making all these promises pretty much to everyone so at this point I just don't feel as though I can trust him. The problem is I'm pretty sure that at the end of the game Tony's going to save Trish over me. So I'm thinking maybe it's time to make that big move.
26. Kass (8/8): Woo came over and says “I wanna get rid of Trish” which would be awesome. Unfortunately, I'm skeptical because he has before said he was going to do something and then decided not to. So I don't know how serious Woo is about this.
27. Woo (4/4): I'm the swing vote at this point. I can either get rid of Trish or I can take out Kass. I haven't made out my mind at this point. I'm still trying to figure out what options gonna be the best for me so I gotta make a huge decision and time's ticking.
29. Tony (8/8): I just saw Woo talking to Spencer and Kass and I'm thinking to myself “What the hell just happened?” I thought we were a strong alliance. I gotta just make sure that me and Woo are on the same page. If not, I might have to break my promise and change the plan. I don't wanna do that but we'll see what happens tonight.
1. Tony (1/13): I'm a little bit sad that I had to oust one of my best allies, one of my most loyal, most honest, most sincere, most genuine ally, which was Trish. But I had no choice but to stick to the plan of the vote and, uh, I feel horrible about it. But I think it was the most strategic move for me to make.
2. Spencer (1/7): I can't believe I'm at the final four. I mean, getting thrown under the bus time after time after time. I'm amazed that I'm here but Tribal was demoralizing when Tony pulled out his second idol that looked similar to the normal idol, that was heavier and tied around a string.
3. Spencer (2/7): If Tony is actually guaranteed the final three like he claims, it's going to mean problems for me. We've been arch rivals the entire game and if he makes it to the end, it can't be good for my game.
4. Tony (2/13): Back home in the motherland, I'm a police officer. I can't be corrupt. Out here, all I'm doing is bluffing and I'm lying my ass off. I've been telling them about this special idol now. Just planting the seed in their head that I'm gonna use it but I've been bluffing saying that I can use it for final four. But right now, this idol is nothing more than a souvenir. It's useless in this game because today was the last day I could use it at this Tribal Council. The only thing that I have going for me right now is my bluff. But if I don't pull this off and I don't win an individual Immunity Necklace, I might be in serious trouble so close to the end where it's going to hurt the most.
5. Kass (1/11): Tony is an idiot, paranoid and emotional. And last night he made a paranoid decision. He didn't think about it. He didn't think that people were capable of disliking Trish when in reality I'm pretty sure almost everyone dislikes Trish. I think they made a mistake yesterday in voting out Trish. But it wasn't me so I don't care. And Tony, I mean he's got all these idols but he hasn't had to do much. He was on a winning team all the way up to the merge.
6. Kass (2/11): We were laying around and it was like the Love Boat showed up and there was my husband. This is a huge part of anyone out here's life. So, yeah, I might cry. (grins) Damn it, I'm not supposed to be... where's my devil's horns?
7. Spencer (3/7): I'm not an emotional guy but it was powerful. Right in front of me is my sister who loves me unconditionally and it was the best surprise of the game.
8. Tony (3/13): I'm looking around, I'm looking around like please, I was looking for my wife and I didn't see my wife and... (takes deep breath) I've seen my best friend Arnold and it sucks because I was anticipating my wife, you know, I was looking forward to seeing my wife but I just don't think she could leave a four month old baby home to come out here. I mean it was hard enough for me to do it but I know it was in her mom's hands.
9. Tony (4/13): Arnold told me everything about my little baby. He told me... (stands up, looks away from the camera and wipes tears) He told me that my baby is almost twice the size. I was so happy to hear that, you know, it was like my daughter is in her mom's hands, I'm at peace.
10. Woo (1/11): After 37 Days out here see Blood, see family, (holds back tears) there is nothing more fulfilling. My little cousin Mikey looked like an angel. I saw his face and (rubs hands) you just get psyched!
11. Woo (2/11): We got a basket of mango juice and grape juice... Oh! So good! And then we have a fat thing of crunchy peanut butter that I've been dreaming of since for the past 37 Days. So you know, we're sitting there and you know I'm like “Hey! You wanna... you check out Tree Mail?”
12. Woo (3/11): I'm gonna win this Immunity Challenge. Just picture it now: Sole Survivor – Yung Woo Hwang, winner of a million dollars! And I can picture proposing to Christina Hamilton, my lovely girlfriend, after getting permission from her mom and dad of course. Starting my family, starting life, but you know, one step at a time.
13. Kass (3/11): I do respect my husband and I love him and I am the last woman, you know, and I guess for him to see that probably shows him a different side of me.
14. Kass (4/11): My husband knows I'm pretty tenacious. I mean he's seen me battle in court and kick some serious ass and often chaos is a part of that, keeping the other side on their toes.
15. Spencer (4/7): I have to go into this Immunity Challenge out for blood, ready to win at all costs because this is it! This is my shot at the million dollars right in front of me. It's do or die and I don't plan on dying.
16. Spencer (5/7): I had to win and it meant so much. And so losing in itself is devastating but to lose to a brain dead weasel like Kass, that's the most humiliating way I coulda lost today. But I care too much to go out of the game like this without doing everything I can. It's time to play my ass off.
17. Kass (5/11): The best part of today is I get to send Spencer home and it levels the playing field. It gives me a far better shot at winning. My plan when I flipped was to go to the end with two Brawns. Today I sealed my fate. I'm going with two Brawns. And I feel good against either Woo or Tony.
18. Tony (5/13): Spencer, Kass and Woo are still under the impression that I have an idol that I can use at final four. That's why I feel safe. But all I wanted was to wear one Immunity Necklace, one time. And I'm crying about I didn't even get a chance to wear an Immunity Necklace and Spencer says “Hold on, Tony. That's what I want to talk to you about.”
19. Tony (6/13): So we walk to Tree Mail and he's like “Tone, it's going to be final two this season.” He's a super fan so I'm listening to him and he makes all the sense in the world.
20. Spencer (6/7): I'm trying to make a pitch to Tony to keep me, believing it's a final two and believing that that's the best way for him to get to the end.
21. Spencer (7/7): At final four, a tie is a fire-making competition. A tie is a lot better than going home. Tony is my last hope.
22. Woo (4/11): So I sit down with Kass and she's like “We're voting for Spencer.” Phew! I'm like “Alright, good!” But Spencer is still making moves. Being tired, being hungry, being thirsty, I don't recall what happens if it's a tie in a final four. Um. How is that work? I know I won't be able to vote. Spencer won't be able to vote. Then if it goes to another tie then man, we're gonna have to draw rocks? (confused) The jury? We fight for it? I don't know! What happens?! Is the first one to be able to make a fire? Anything could happen at Tribal Council.
23. Kass (6/11): I know I'm voting Spencer and I know Woo is voting Spencer. If Tony and Spencer vote Woo it could end up a tie which is broken at this stage by a fire-making challenge. Does Tony wanna force that? Spencer would probably love to try that or try anything. And either way is not me so fire-off, do whatever you boys wanna do to meddle with your game but I'm sitting pretty and I'm not handling my necklace to anyone. (grins)
24. Kass (7/11): Tribal tonight, things went as planned surprisingly for once and Spencer went home. I mean there's always an excitement that you make the final three. It's supposed to mean something special. Instead we come back and we realized one of the three of us is going home and I think the boys are more depressed about it than me because they may have to go at each others throats.
25. Kass (8/11): I believe I will be taken to the final two if I don't win immunity because both Woo and Tony believe they can beat me.
26. Woo (5/11): Kass pretty much said that she has a better chance at beating me at the Final Tribal Council so if she wins tomorrow's Final Immunity Challenge chances of her taking me with her seems good. And if I win, I'll take Kass to the end as well.
27. Kass (9/11): If you're in the Olympics and you run the marathon and you lose by half a second, that's how I feel. It's crazy. And I needed it. I needed to be able to make this decision. I think Woo might be able to beat me, I don't know. I hope he thinks so.
28. Woo (6/11): Growing up in taekwondo, I won Junior Olympic Championships, I won National Championships, I won Grand Championships. (holds Immunity Necklace) This right here my friend definitely takes the cake. I won the ultimate prize. Yeah! Stoked! I was psyched to be wearing this but then again I got kinda this uneasy feeling in my stomach, like man, the fact that I now have to choose either Tony or Kass to come with me, is so nuts.
29. Tony (7/13): Here I am, Day 38, and now my destiny lies in Woo's hands. My back is up against the wall. He's not going to be so easy to convince to vote against Kass.
30. Tony (8/13): So I wanna be as subtle, as soft as I can but at the same time aggressive. I'm just planting the seeds once again hoping something catches.
31. Tony (9/13): My argument to Woo is a pretty valid argument. Woo has based this game around loyalty, honor, integrity and so I'm telling him “Woo, final two, for you to oust me now, you just threw your game plan out the window!”
32. Tony (10/13): Is he buying it? I wouldn't buy it. I'd take my chances with Kass.
33. Kass (10/11): Woo is like Fabio – winner of Survivor: Nicaragua – he's a cute surfer dude who's just been like, (imitating Woo) “Dude! Awesome! Cool! What do you want me to do? How do I spell their name?” It's horrifying. The person who hasn't made a decision the whole game is in charge of my fate!
34. Kass (11/11): I want Woo to do what's best for him which is to take me. If he understands how people think, taking me is his better option. Really.
35. Woo (7/11): I would feel more comfortable sitting at the end with Tony. This is the guy I started with, this is the guy I… I committed myself with. But at the end of the day, like taking Tony means my chances of winning are not so great. If I take someone like Kass, you know, and I break my loyalty with Tony it completely contradicts who I am and I, and I become the biggest hypocrite. So it's tough. I wanna be the Sole Survivor and to have a million dollars.
36. Woo (8/11): Prior to Tribal Council I was having a really tough time. It's not an easy decision to make but my decision tonight is a big power move that I can finally claim as my own. So what really got me to lean more towards taking Tony was what I thought the jury would respect.
37. Woo (9/11): I know that taking Tony could jeopardize my chances of winning the million dollars but taking him just felt right. In a martial arts tournament if I went up against someone who wasn't as talented as I was that victory wouldn't be as sweet. You wanna go up against, um, someone who is just as strong, maybe even stronger, so if you do win it's that much more honorable.
38. Tony (11/13): Today we take a walk to Tree Mail. (blows raspberry) Oh my goodness! Eggs, croissants, sausages, bacon. I'm really am loving life.
39. Woo (10/11): I'm not the best chef. I'm not a kitchen enthusiast at all and neither is Tony. He doesn't even know how to cook eggs! So what do we do best? We eat!
40. Tony (12/13): I'm still in Survivor mode. As a matter of fact, there was a clue in the basket. I've seen the clue and-and automatic I went into my basic instinct. So you know, Woo is cooking up the food and as I'm talking to him I grab the clue, put it in my pocket and I was like “What else could this be? Maybe it's a free vote or something!” you know. I don't know what it was. So then I took it behind Woo's back and I started reading it and it just gave me a hint about going to the back of the camp and there's another surprise waiting for me. So I said “Let me just go see what this is.” And it was a mirror with a scale. I looked in the mirror and thank God it didn't crack.
41. Tony (13/13): I came out here not knowing anything about making fires, not knowing anything about cutting palm fronds, I never held a machete in my hand in my life. I just used my common sense. Throughout this game, Tony had so many names: Tony In Trouble, Tony In Charge, Tony In The Driver Seat, Tony In Control. Today, I feel like I'm a Tony In Need of a Million Dollars. The million dollars was my main priority to come out here to better my life, better my wife's life and all my wife wants is a pink chandelier for my baby daughter. And my baby daughter is going to have a beautiful pink chandelier when I get back home.
42. Woo (11/11): I'm here. I made the final two. It's a dream come true. Oh man, I want this more than anything. I'm gonna go into the Tribal Council and I'm going to let the jury know exactly how I felt about the game. I'm a martial arts instructor and we abide by the 5 codes of taekwondo: discipline, integrity, loyalty, respect, harmony between mind and body. I did a valiant effort abiding and honoring those codes of conduct throughout this gameplay and no one can question me on that. I'm going in with 50% chance of winning a million dollars. It means a jump start to my future. To start up my taekwondo studio I always dreamed of. To engage my girlfriend Christina and to have a family. Being able to help my father retire. My mother who suffered a heart attack and is disabled. So I can change their lives, you know? It's a blessing, man, and it all stems down to being positive, never losing hope, and staying true to yourself, believing in yourself. Man, I'm this close, this close.
