1. Taylor (1/3): My generation, is all about doing what you wanna do, and I’ve done a lot. Beekeeper, I have brewed beer, snowboard instructor, gone to North Dakota. I’m definitely a Peter Pan type. I’ll never grow up. Like, this is who I am and I can’t change.
2. Mari (1/4): I play video games online for a living, and as an adult, you’re constantly told, “Grow up. Stop playing, it’s not a game,” but I wanna make my entire life about playing. Survivor is the game of games, and I am going to win.
3. Zeke (1/5): Stereotypes of young people are that they are always on social media, they’re always on Twitter, but I-I don’t like being tied to my phone. I generally resent technology. I think Twitter is the worst thing ever invented-- I mean, I’m on Twitter, but I still think it’s horrendous.
4. Chris (1/5): I’m an attorney, I’m 38 years-old, and I know the older generation, they take and they actually listen, and they use those life experiences. If you have ever been knocked down, then you know how to get up and fight.
5. Sunday (1/2): I have four kids, and I’m surprised at the 25-year-old kids that live at home and play video games all day. And so I just feel like, they’re a little bit more ‘que será, será.’ “If it takes me seven years to do school… Who cares? My parents are paying for it.”
6. David (1/6): I’m a TV writer and it took me 14 years in assistant purgatory to finally become a writer. And I don’t think younger people would put that kind of time into whatever their dream is. They would just try to find a new dream.
7. Will (1/2): I was like, “Holy crap, this is definitely a war between generations.” We’re at each other’s throats right in the beginning. It’s crazy! May the best generation win.
8. Jessica (1/5): On the floor was an envelope. So I just grabbed it and I shoved it in my back and kept going. Like, I mean, it was one of those moments where I was like, “Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Gotta keep working,” but my heart was pounding because I was like, “That’s obviously something good.”
9. Mari (2/4): Millennials vs. Gen X. This is a war between generations. I guarantee you that there are people on that Gen X tribe that have spoken the exact same words that I have said: “This is the best generation ever.”
10. Adam (1/5): Walking up the beach and seeing that tribe flag, everybody is so excited. Everybody is really happy to get to know each other. And we’re going to prove a lot of people wrong about their misconceptions about Millennials.
11. Mari (3/4): As Millennials, we’re all just over the map. No one has just a regular job, and I think it’s amazing. I absolutely think that our tribe and our generation sees things in a completely different way, and as Millennials, that is our huge advantage.
12. Taylor (2/3): I’ve got an awesome tribe. There’s one guy I connect with really well named Jay. He’s got this gnarly hair, and I can tell he’s a… just a bro. He’s-he’s gonna be someone I can get along with pretty easily. And then I definitely hit it off with Figs because she’s pretty dang cute. (laughs)
13. Taylor (3/3): And also, Michelle is cool, you know, and they’re both really good looking. And I’m a sucker for pretty girls. So I already have a connection with these people here.
14. Zeke (2/5): I’m dismayed. I’m with a bunch of Millennials. I’m a 28 year old, but to be honest, I have never called myself a Millennial once in my entire life. I’m not dressed for the youth parade. I’m dressed for the singles mixer at the Miami retirement center. Like, I’m an 80-year-old man at heart. I’m on a tribe with children. When I looked around and I saw all of these kids, I thought, “You know what none of these kids have ever had in their entires lives? A real job.” They don’t-- they can’t do anything!
15. Paul (1/2): I expect Gen Xers to be Gen Xers. I expect them to be people of my caliber. People brought up in my era-- they work hard, good core values with their families, very strong opinions, but based on sound decision making.
16. Ken (1/1): To me this is home, and I want to help kind of guide my team in the direction that I think is necessary, but do so as the guy who’s supporting, uplifting, and they know that I’ve got their backs.
17. Jessica (2/5): When I was running around to grab items, I found something in a nice little envelope. This is Survivor. It could be any number of wonderful things. And, uh, I don’t want anyone to find me with it because I feel like that would then put a target on my back.
18. Jessica (3/5): This is the first time in Survivor there is the Legacy Advantage. So if I am still here on Day 36, I will receive an advantage in the game. And I will be here on Day 36, so no one else is getting this but me.
19. Figgy (1/2): Back home I’m like the center of attention. I am a flirty girl, and I… (sighs) I’m good at manipulating men. People think that I’m just a pretty face, but they don’t know the brains behind the face. Maybe I’ll end up getting the million dollar check and I’ll get a husband.
20. Figgy (2/2): Jay and I had a connection, like, right off the bat, and Taylor is my blue-eyed beauty, and I think he’s so attractive! And I knew those two boys are tight, so of course I want to be a part of that. It’s going to be something strong.
21. Jay (1/2): I love Taylor. Taylor’s my boy. I call him Tails ‘cause he’s like my homeboy from home. Like, uh, he’s one of those-- just guys that like, “Yo bro, the waves are firing, let’s go hang out.” And then Figgy is a cool chick. Tails and Figgy, they’re my go-to's and I really appreciate them, and they’re like good people.
22. Jay (2/2): And then I got Namaste, which is-- her name is Michelle. It’s like, I know we’re cool. She’s a frickin’ hot girl, too, by the way. Super hot.
23. Hannah (1/3): So looking around, uh, it makes me nervous seeing just like all the beautiful faces of ‘Kappa Kappa Survivor’ just because I don’t want to be the obvious first out, but it’s hard when you don’t instantly fit in.
24. Michelle (1/1): I think people see me as truthful, probably because of my faith, because of my prayer, so people have been coming up to me. You know, Jay and I have made a little bond. I’ve also had Hannah tell me she’ll trust me, and in this game, having people trust you, and maybe view you as someone who really does care for them, that’s very beneficial.
25. Sunday (2/2): Rachel is definitely overeager. She’s overly confrontive. When you’re in a group setting, it can just really bring a lot of negativity to the group, and people don’t like it.
26. David (2/6): I don’t really like sleeping outside, I don’t like bugs, I don’t like the sun, I don’t like water, I don’t like the ocean. All of those things… are terrible. What I do love is the gameplay, and that’s why I’m here.
27. Bret (1/4): Dave is just afraid of his own shadow. I was chopping the bamboo, and, uh, he was jumping up and covering his ears like it was too loud. Dave’s gotta man up. There’s girls with more testosterone back at that camp than he’s got, you know?
28. Chris (2/5): Dave got real paranoid with us. He’s a guy that’s scared. He’s also funny at times and quite charming at times.
29. Chris (3/5): He’s trying way too hard. He’s scrambling around and talking strategy, and I think it’s just too early to be pushing too hard.
30. Adam (2/5): Heading into the first night, I’m a little nervous ‘cause, oh, man, we’re in a world of hurt when it comes to our shelter. We have no real roof, but every single person on this tribe thinks everything’s gonna be okay.
31. Adam (3/5): Everybody’s so excited. Everybody’s really happy to get to know each other. I’m looking up at the sky, it’s getting dark. It’s only gonna get worse. Nobody seems to really care. I think the difference between Gen Xs and Millennials, is that Gen Xs believe that you have to put in your time in order to get to where you want to be. Millennials don’t believe that. They believe that if you set your mind to something and you dream big, you can go and accomplish it now.
32. Will (2/2): We’re having a little party on the beach, and then we realize it starts to get dark. So we rush back because the shelter is unbuilt. We start off trying to build up palm fronds to keep ourselves dry because we think rain is coming, and we’re rushing to get the shelter built. Jay and I are up trying to tie the roof together. Our shelter was definitely one of the worst in the history of Survivor. We all go into the shelter, but when weight went on it, it was sinking. And then it eventually cracked. And I’m thinking to myself, “There’s no way we’re getting the shelter finished in time.”
33. Hannah (2/3): We’re terrified because it’s pouring rain, and we don’t have a shelter. We’re just sitting in the rain, like, freezing cold. It’s just the hardest thing I’ve ever been through. It’s the longest night ever. I am shaking. And you could feel people mentally breaking down. You feel like it’s endless. We could hear the booming, the thunder and the lightning, and we saw the storm from far out in the water making its way to us. It was like, this, like, monster was coming to get us and punish us for not building a shelter.
34. CeCe (1/2): We just had basically a night of hell. And we didn’t get our shelter completely made in time, and it started raining. And it never stopped. And it never stopped. And it never stopped raining! And it’s still raining.
35. Chris (4/5): I don’t think Day 2 was coming. I can’t remember where a tribe was actually given a tarp. We’re gonna see what some of these people are made of. This is gonna be a difficult Survivor season, in my opinion. I think this weather is gonna be something that none of us were prepared for.
36. Michaela (1/1): Man, you know it’s bad when Jeff gives you a tarp. Like, you don’t even have to win the tarp. It just comes in a Tree Mail. So, and that’s when we also knew, like, the weather’s gonna get worse, so we got a lot of work to do.
37. Zeke (3/5): I would rate our camp at like, pigpen level. It is just like a mud flat with, like, sticks of bamboo, like, stuck haphazard about. And I’m thinking, “Great, we’ll build the base. We got a tarp. Like, it’s not going to be as bad as last night.” It’s hard, though, because the rain never lets up. And last night was, like, one of the hardest nights of my life. So I don’t understand how it could get much worse than that.
38. Zeke (4/5): So we’re standing around in the mud from last night’s storm, and Jeff Probst strolls casually into camp, and I don’t know what’s gonna happen, but… I’m a little nervous.
39. Adam (4/5): My jaw drops! This is unprecedented! This is something that we’ve never seen. There have been bad storms on Survivor, but we have never done this in the history of 33 seasons of Survivor.
40. Adam (5/5): This is not all fun and games. This is the real deal. This is a real cyclone, and there are real people’s lives at stake.
41. Paul (2/2): When I saw Jeff, my breath completely left my body. I knew something was wrong, because Jeff very rarely comes to camp unless it’s a safety situation.
42. Rachel (1/3): A cyclone is gonna be hitting today and I’m not surprised, actually, that we’re gonna have some devastating weather tonight, and so, we’re actually going to be evacuated.
43. CeCe (2/2): On Day 3 we came back to the camp after the cyclone passed, and everything was knocked over, and a tree actually did fall onto our shelter, so we were just like, “Oh, my God, it’s alarming! It’s scary!” It’s like, now you’re talking about our lives and someone getting injured from a tree falling down. So it was good that we were evacuated and that was definitely a saving grace that Jeff made that decision to do that.
44. David (3/6): First few days in Survivor are all about building a shelter, and I am terrible at that. And we had to do it twice. I don’t think anybody sees me physically strong. So there’s no reason that they would want to keep me over anybody else, and so it’s really, like, resonating with me, that-that… that paranoia, that nervousness, that anxiety that I’m on the chopping block.
45. David (4/6): (tearfully) I don’t think there’s much hope for me in this game of Survivor, but I am a Gen Xer and I don’t give up. I’m gonna work hard to make this happen, and I’m going to turn this game around for myself. I need to start looking really hard for the Immunity Idol. It might be the only thing that can save me.
46. Jessica (4/5): David was out madly hunting for an idol when we were building the shelter, and that upset a lot of people. If David has an idol, it certainly would complicate things moving forward. So if we lose, it’s going to be David.
47. Zeke (5/5): We get back to camp and it’s a mess. We have like a base and a shelter, but we don’t have a roof. So we needed to cobble this shelter together. And I led the building of the second shelter. Look, I don’t know how to build a shelter. I live in Brooklyn. I know how to ride the subway, and that’s like-- that’s about the extent of my outdoorsman skills. But you know what? I stepped up and I did it. An so, like, against all odds, I have become the leader of the camp. I never think of myself as, like, the person who feels, like, adept out here in the outdoors. I’m not that kind of person, but I’m very intrigued by the idea of, like, proving how tough I am. And so, like, in a weird way, Survivor is helping me rise to my potential. We have fire! We have fire and I made it! I never in a million years thought I was going to be the guy who makes fire without flint. I mean, this is-- I feel like a milestone has been reached in my life, that I’ve, like, I’ve become a new man. I feel like I’m growing as a person out here. Like I am-- I am affected by this experience in-in a very positive way, and I’m very proud of myself right now.
48. Hannah (3/3): When you look at the group, I started noticing that there really has been this sort of division between, like, the high school cool kids and the sort of weirdo nerds. Cool kids versus misfits and I do feel like the misfits seem like they’re going to be on the outs. So I need now to squash that in the bud.
49. Mari (4/4): So the good-looking, popular group is isolating themselves from the entire tribe. So we need to tear apart that popular group. My goal is to play like I would play video games. So at this point, I’m pulling together kind of like the misfits and kind of the-the outcasts. And so, I started putting into people’s ears that the four pretty people, they’re inseparable… and that’s dangerous. So while we have all the numbers, this is our opportunity to strike.
50. Chris (5/5): The challenge did not go how we would hope. Uh, I mean, it was just a disaster. Rachel’s barking off orders. Dave told us that he was the supreme puzzle maker and they failed on it, so those two are on the hatchet.
51. Bret (2/4): I wanted to beat the Millennials so bad, and I really thought that we would. I think that we have a lot of people with strength and experience. I really thought that we were gonna outshine them today, and I’m shocked that we didn’t.
52. Bret (3/4): At the Immunity Challenge, Rachel tells everyone that she can do puzzles, puzzles are her thing, and she screws it all up.
53. Jessica (5/5): If someone doesn’t do well in the challenge, it’s always going to magnify that person. That’s just the nature of the best here. So right now we’re going to be voting for Rachel, but my fear, obviously, is a Hidden Immunity Idol, if anybody has it.
54. David (5/6): Everybody’s been strategizing and not including me in on any of it. I don’t think anyone at this point trusts me. I know the position that I’m in in this game right now. I’m on the chopping block. I think I’m going home tonight.
55. Bret (4/4): I believe David has an idol, even though he claims he does not, and that makes me very nervous, so I want him to feel comfortable. My decision is Rachel or David. Rachel was useless at that challenge. To me, that’s a liability. And the reason I would vote out David tonight is because I believe he has an idol. But if I have six people, I have enough to split the vote, and I think that we have myself, Chris, Paul, Sunday, Jess and Lucy. So CeCe, Ken, Rachel and, uh, Dave will be left out of who we’re voting for.
56. Rachel (2/3): Deep down I’m wondering if people think that I, you know, dropped the ball at the puzzle.
57. Rachel (3/3): I don’t really know what’s going on. I never actually thought I’d feel like this so early in the game where I feel like, CeCe and me, we’re on the chopping block. I don’t think it’s a good sign when people say, “I don’t know,” so I’m not really sure where I fit in at this point.
58. David (6/6): I’m at the mercy of my tribemates. I’m my worst enemy in this game. I got paranoid, and I hope that the speech I gave them will be enough to… for them to feel at ease and-and to save me. I-I-I worry that it won’t. I’m pretty sure that it won’t. Um… but I won’t know til Tribal.
1. Paul (1/2): Here we are at Day 5 and we still don’t have a fire. Other than that, everything’s going ahead as planned. I got a six-person alliance and I’m going to say like it is-- for CeCe and David, they don’t have a chance. CeCe aligned herself with Rachel which was a kiss of death. With David, he just can’t handle it out here.
2. David (1/5): Right now, I think I’m playing a miserable Survivor game, so I really wanna be a hero for my tribe and bring them fire because I'm so grateful for them sparing me last night at-at-at Tribal. I really need to prove myself today and it’s in line with the Generation X attitude in that you don’t ever give up. But, uh, I’m more of a Cochran than I am an Ozzy.
3. Chris (1/1): Oddly enough, Dave, out of all of us, got a flame going. But he’s still going home next. Dave’s probably the weakest challenge person we have. He’s like our puppy dog right now. We’re trying to keep petting him until we get rid of him. We’re just keeping him busy. If you let him get in his own head, that’s when he goes nuts and starts looking for idols and getting all paranoid.
4. David (2/5): I would love an idol, but contribute to the tribe first, and while doing that, just kind of be looking around, because looking for rocks and looking for the idol, they both make you dirty. So, this is, uh… (pats rock) this is an alibi.
5. David (3/5): I never, ever thought this was gonna happen for me, especially, on, like, the nadir that I was on and now I’m at a zenith. This is amazing. This is so perfect. This is exactly what I need to have the confidence to really make big, strategic moves right now. This is, like, serendipity.
6. Taylor (1/2): I really like Figs. She’s super rad, easy to be around. I mean, she’s really beautiful, and it’s just like love goggles… (chuckles) and Fig is directly in front of me. (laughs)
7. Figgy (1/4): I didn’t come here for romance, but oh, my God, those blue eyes, they are dangerous. Waaa! They are just gorgeous. They are so beautiful. And I get to cuddle up with that. I’m just like, “That’s fine.”
8. Michaela (1/4): The middle of the night I hear a kiss sound, and I was like, “Y’all can’t be for real.” You stink. Your mouth is nasty. You got sand in your drawers, and you kissing somebody. That’s disgusting!
9. Taylor (2/2): Me and Figs got called out on macking, and I look at that as a risky move, but Millennials are dreamers, and I’m dreaming big.
10. Figgy (2/4): My tribe doesn’t even consider Taylor and myself being a power couple threat. But maybe it’s because we’re the Millennials. Only people-- cough, cough, Michaela-- are gonna try to throw it out there to put a target on our backs, but nobody cares.
11. Zeke (1/2): I think the Millennial generation takes hook-ups a lot less seriously than maybe the Gen Xers do. And I think it’s that casual attitude which might be getting Taylor and Figgy into trouble. Because, like, you know, you need to have the mentality that you’re also playing Survivor, uh, and I think they might be missing that part.
12. Jay (1/3): Figgy and Taylor are freaking stupid, man! No couple ever lasts on Survivor! Ever! Me and Michelle are still in an alliance with them, and this power couple can destroy everything that we’ve created. Taylor is my boy. I love that kid. But sometimes women blind you, and then you end up stuck with a woman and you’re bailing on your boys when it’s bowling night and you’re stuck at home with your girlfriend. You’re a dork. Like, wake up!
13. Jay (2/3): Taylor is so oblivious to the fact that, dude, it‘s not gonna work ‘cause he’s so, just, infatuated with Figgy. But this power couple is like a bullseye for a nuclear missile. That’s how big it is. It’s like, “Yo, this is where we need to blow up because this is not good.”
14. Ken (1/2): Spear fishing and surviving in this kind of environment is something I’ve always done my entire life and something I’m good at. But in a social game like this, you have to develop connections and bonds, and I’m socially shy sometimes, man. It’s something that’s plagued me my entire life. I was the kid with the speech impediments and the nervous twitches, and so David and I are kind of mirrors of each other. Socially, we’re a little bit awkward, we’re a little bit shy. And as I see him opening up, it’s inspiring me to opening up.
15. David (4/5): Ken and I, we are on opposite sides of the science spectrum. You know, I-I don’t look like, uh, anything like Ken. He’s built like a super athlete. He looks like an Adonis. Yeah, what girl wouldn’t want to date him? You know, the girl doesn’t wanna really date, like, a neurotic bald guy. But I like Ken a lot and, you know, in Survivor, you absolutely need at least one person that you can trust. And for me right now it’s Ken, and I think for Ken it’s me.
16. Ken (2/2): I believe in Dave and I’s alliance. It’s real. It’s legit. And Dave has an idol. I think we’ll be using that to band together and… do something big. And for us to move forward, Paul’s gotta go. You know, we're ready for a fight and I don’t want to give Paul too much time to come in and try to counter.
17. Mari (1/2): It’s Day 6, and the Millennials’ morale is good, but we didn’t realize playing this game would be so hard. As Millennials, we grew up with a television screen in front of our faces, and it’s not reality. But nothing that you experience on a television screen can carry the same weight as experiencing it in real life… and it is surreal, man!
18. Michaela (2/4): Figgy’s been a flirt since the boat come up to Fiji. Like, this girl is dumb. You’re supposed to kind of blend in a little at the beginning, and work your magic behind the scenes, but her magic is trying to be all over the place, so it’s not magic. Like, you need to pull the bunny out the hat. You can’t just walk in with the bunny. The problem is it’s hard to act like I don’t know what’s going on. If I have something to say and I’m not saying it, my mouth will close but my eyebrows and this face will talk.
19. Figgy (3/4): Michaela is being a complete bitch about nothing. This girl is crazy. Um, I want her far away from me as possible. This girl’s gotta go.
20. Adam (1/1): Literally, Figgy’s put herself in the crosshairs. Basic laws of Survivor will tell you, “Don’t come blazing out of the gate. Don’t get into a catfight.” And sure as hell, “Don’t get yourself into a showmance!”
21. Paul (2/2): With me, it’s very simple: when it comes to taking control of the game, I 100% want to be in control. That’s where I have to be. I don’t have a choice. I breathe control.
22. Sunday (1/1): It’s extremely scary. To see him go down makes you think, “Okay, if that can happen to him, it can happen to anybody.” And I really, really need Paul to stay in the game. Huge key part of our alliance. But beyond that, I just care about him.
23. David (5/5): I feel so guilty saying this, and I’m glad Paul didn’t have a heart attack, but honestly, when he-- when he went down, I thought, “This might be a good thing for me.” Because… he’s the one I want to vote out. And he’s really calling all the shots, and being so weak right now, that’s going to make it easier to convince people that, “You know what? It might be time to get rid of Paul.”
24. Mari (2/2): Tonight we want Figgy to be really comfortable and we want to blindside her without her even knowing. When I beat an opponent in a video game, it feels great, but this is a person’s dream that we’re crushing and I think this is what makes Survivor real.
25. Zeke (2/2): We lost today’s Immunity Challenge, but, you know, I’m a little bit tickled to be going to Tribal Council. I came to vote people out, and I came to win a million dollars, and I… I want to get started. Figgy’s in the hot seat right now because wherever Figgy goes, her little puppy dog Taylor goes. Like, one person in not allowed to have two votes. That’s against the spirit of the game.
26. Michaela (3/4): The couple would be dangerous if Figgy was gonna stay around, but I’m just convinced that Figgy is going home. So… get your kisses in, because that couple is about to go back down to one real quick.
27. Jay (3/3): Figgy’s going home. And it sucks because I had Figgy and Taylor in the trifecta, okay? And we were gonna make things happen. Unless something happens and things go crazy, which they usually do, my alliance is gone.
28. Michelle (1/2): It doesn’t make sense to get rid of Figgy right now. My alliance with Jay, Figgy, and Taylor, we gotta keep that number, and we gotta switch the vote. Mari is really dangerous because she’s smart, but tonight’s Tribal Council is about keeping people who I know will stick with me moving forward.
29. Figgy (4/4): My name is on the chopping block. It’s like hitting you in the chest, you know, with a knife. Michaela and I have definitely had our differences, but she has to stick with us. There’s nothing else to it.
30. Michaela (4/4): Figgy was going home, and I was perfectly fine with that. But if Jay’s telling the truth, I could definitely be in trouble. So this whole thing is up in the air.
31. Michelle (2/2): This first Tribal Council is going to draw a line. Figgy can't go tonight. It has to be someone else. It’s scary to me because I’m not sure we have the numbers to really, truly save Figgy. So I might have to try to pull strings at Tribal Council to make sure I have the numbers and get what I want.
1. Figgy (1/2): Zeke and Adam were like, “Taylor, Figgy, well done.” Like, “I commend you.” And it’s like, it’s not just us, buddy. There were seven votes. Adam and Zeke know they’re at the bottom at this rate, if we go back to Tribal. People who write down Figgy’s name go home.
2. Hannah (1/2): Even walking into Tribal, I thought Figgy was going home. And then Michelle says, “Trust me, we have the numbers.” And suddenly, I couldn’t think of anything else. I did what I felt was best for my game. And I had to. And it sucked.
3. Zeke (1/1): So you know how, like, you’re totally in control of the game and you’re totally excited to go to Tribal Council, and then, oh, wait, you get totally blindsided? That’s what happened at Tribal Council tonight.
4. Hannah (2/2): Hopefully, something can happen with Zeke and Adam. Hopefully, I can repair enough to the point where we can work together or maybe even Adam and Zeke can make a move using me. I want-- I want them to use me. Use me! I don’t like everyone in this damn majority alliance.
5. Adam (1/2): It’s been my dream since I was nine years old to play this game and have this experience, and I did not expect my first Tribal Council to be my first #Blindside. Now I’m gonna have to play from the bottom and it’s going to take a lot of work to, uh, get back into a position of power. But I wouldn’t count me out. I think I can get back up to the top again.
6. David (1/6): On my tribe right now, I have a pretty good handle of what’s going on, and it’s definitely me, Ken and CeCe on the bottom without question. But I found an idol already. That was on my-my Survivor bucket list. So there’s hope for me. I am a Gen Xer, and I don’t think you should ever give up.
7. Paul (1/4): You want to talk about a guy who has come back from the dead. I went from flat on my back to, “I feel like I just got here.” Like, it’s Day 1 for me.
8. Paul (2/4): You know, I live in the Florida Keys. For me to go shoot a nice, you know, yellowtail or something in the Keys is like, “I’ll be back in a minute,” and I go get a couple of fish. Here it’s like, “We’ll have to see if I’m as good as I think I am,” ‘cause I think I’m really good.
9. Ken (1/2): Paul comes back, “There’s a school of yellowtail, but you can’t get ‘em. They’re just… they’re too fast.” And I look at these people and it’s like, “Do you not see that time and time again he says something and doesn’t follow through?” And… “Who do you want leading you into battle?” People talk about, you know, “CeCe, she’s on the outs. David is terrified of anything physical.” But what about Paul? Like, what is he currently offering the tribe? He’s not providing food. He’s not providing shelter. And I’m baffled that I'm on the bottom.
10. Will (1/1): Adam comes back to camp with, uh, Tree Mail and he has this bag of rocks. And whoever gets the orange rock will leave camp and go intermingle with the other tribe. And I think a lot of people don’t want to go, but me being a superfan, I want to be a part of this. You know, why not work with people from the other side if they’re gonna help you advance in this game?
11. Taylor (1/2): It’s, like, just glorious of who got to go. (laughs) It’s me, it’s Fig, it’s Will and it’s Jay. I’m just going, “The top people in my alliance.” (gestures praying) Thank you!
12. Jay (1/1): I’m fully excited, honestly, to go on this journey. I get to feel out the Gen X generation of, “Oh, we work hard and we do things the right way.” And I want to see, “Okay, what’s the right way?” But I really hope Figgy and Tails don’t start making out, because then we’re gonna look like a bunch of idiots. And then they’re really gonna have this idea that Millennials don’t know what we’re doing because we’re letting a power couple stay in the game.
13. Chris (1/2): On the boat, the word “summit” kept popping up in my head. And for me that is a meeting of, you know, like when different countries come and they have a G8 summit. From the Gen X tribe was CeCe, Dave, Paul and myself. I’m really excited to go do this. This is the first time that the Gen X and the Millennials are gonna mix together. And for my game, making some connections to ‘em is a good thing. An old attorney once said to me, “You have to look at the opposition with clear eyes and a cold heart,” and that’s how I’m trying to view this game. So my strategy is to keep my mouth shut and just get information.
14. David (2/6): I’m a huge Survivor superfan and being the one selected to go to a summit like this was just fantastic. So far, I’m achieving all of my Survivor dreams.
15. Paul (3/4): I think the Millennials think a guy like me, because I’m older, and they haven’t talked to parents in a while, and to have their dad sitting there that they can talk to, they really do appreciate it.
16. David (3/6): Paul wants an audience. He’s in a rock ‘n’ roll band. And he gets on stage, and he doesn’t ask the audience what they think, he tells them what he thinks. That is not a guy I would ever imagine myself aligning with. Those are the guys that annoy me. Right now, I’m at the bottom with CeCe and Ken. So I need to find a way to make new friends among the Millennial tribe, because once there is a swap or a merge I’m gonna need their help to get rid of Paul.
17. Figgy (2/2): The boys went in the water and Taylor and I talked to CeCe and David. We’re trying to learn if they’re on the outs, if there’s any division in their tribe.
18. CeCe (1/2): Me and Dave let Taylor and Figgy know that Paul, he’s the head-person in charge. He’s the alpha male. He’s the one who’s running things in camp. So leaving us alone, that’s the stupidest decision they could have did. It may cost them a million dollars.
19. David (4/6): I got to have a very, very important thirty second conversation with Taylor and I mean it. Come a swap, if it’s three Millennials and-and two Gen X, I’m getting rid of that other Gen X.
20. David (5/6): Paul, Chris, myself and CeCe came back from the summit. And everybody wanted to know how it was, what happened. And the thing about talking to Taylor is that I felt like I had a ray of hope that it’s really been -- other than finding the idol -- it’s really been missing for me this entire game.
21. Ken (2/2): So the Millennials know me as “Ken Doll.” They think of me as the pretty boy and all the things that come along with that. But I have the strength of body and the strength of mind to make it far in this game. The Gen X tribe, I think, would be hurting if they got rid of me, as far as the challenges goes, and my work ethic. We need food. We need fish. And what I say I do, I wind up doing, 90-90% of the time. If I say I’m going to do something and I know how to do something, I do it and it works. Paul is the greatest fisherman, but yet, he comes back empty-handed. I would never go into a battle with a leader who was incompetent or incapable. You pick the person who follows through. You pick the person who does what they say they’re going to do.
22. Jessica (1/3): Ken feels like he’s on the outs, and I totally understand why he feels that way, because he’s not part of the six. Ken wants to vote out Paul, but I’ve committed myself to Chris and Paul and Bret and Sunday and Lucy, who are my best bet moving forward to Day 36. And Day 36, I will then get to read the Legacy Advantage that I found and then utilize that to my advantage.
23. Taylor (2/2): Strategically, the Millennial tribe is moving forward and it’s really great… for me. (chuckles) Me and Figs are pretty good at the moment. My girl’s here. She’s happy and this couldn’t be a better position to be in, really.
24. Adam (2/2): The status quo of the tribe is-is not a good position for me. I’m still flabbergasted by that vote because Figgy sucks at Survivor. You can’t make an obvious pair that is strong, good-looking, talented in the challenges and not be a threat in this game. And so, if Figgy goes home, there would be a shift, and that’s what I need to happen in order to have some semblance of power here.
25. Michaela (1/2): Adam gives me different things to think about. Even though I’m in the majority, I still don’t like Figgy. She’s sneaky. I do not trust her. But I’m not making any decisions right now. I’m just watching and… thinking and… my gut will tell me something when the time comes.
26. Michaela (2/2): Gen X, they said no. If they were our parents, they would have said yes, but we’re already beating them, so they don’t want to make us stronger. That makes sense.
27. Chris (2/2): CeCe, she wanted that personal victory of inching across the balance beam. Three and a half Millennials got across in that amount of time, and it was the difference maker. At Tribal Council, it’s on tonight, and I’m not sure how CeCe doesn’t go home tonight.
28. Paul (4/4): In my opinion, CeCe cost us the challenge. And there was no question who was going home after that. But it’s Survivor, and I’ve seen it happen before, when you get too complacent, things happen. But I think everybody is on board with voting out CeCe unanimously.
29. Sunday (1/1): I went to the well with Chris and Bret. We basically talked about sticking to our alliance of six. So what we have on the docket for tonight is to vote out CeCe. Voting CeCe out to keep the tribe strong is a good thing to do. She has not done well in challenges. I can’t argue it at all.
30. CeCe (2/2): I’m worried about tonight because I had three votes last time, and, of course, no one ever comes up to me and say, “Hey, let’s do this.” You know, Paul never comes up to me. Bret, Chris, Sunday, Jessica and Lucy, they never come up to me. I’m 100% worried about that. I feel unsafe.
31. David (6/6): We have to get rid of Paul. As soon as Paul goes away, then some other connections and bonds can start forming. There’s CeCe, myself and Ken on the bottom. I, uh, already, uh, retrieved my idol from its hiding spot, but other people could absolutely take control of the game right now if they wanted to and vote off Paul. That’s all we need. I wish they could see that there’s just no point in keeping Paul on their side.
32. Jessica (2/3): I’m sure CeCe, Ken and Dave would vote off Paul, so tonight we have a very big decision to make. If we determine that voting off Paul will be the best thing for our tribe, I am going to be hurting two individuals that I’ve worked with, Bret and Chris.
33. Jessica (3/3): I’m fearful of what will happen if we don’t vote off Paul, but I’m fearful of what will happen if we do vote off Paul.
1. Chris (1/3): When we got back from Tribal I was, quite frankly, pissed off. I mean, that was a big blindside. I was about to just take the rice and throw it in the ocean and make my own tribe of one, is what I was about to do.
2. Jessica (1/2): Tonight, there are some very unhappy people, especially Bret and Chris. Whether or not they believe me, I really don’t know. I think right now there’s too much anger. I am very nervous now. I’m hoping that this wasn’t a bad idea.
3. Lucy (1/3): This morning, I felt bad because Bret and Chris felt betrayed. It’s almost like you feel like you cheated on somebody and then now the relationship has to mend itself. The guys are pissed off because they really trusted Jessica. And, honestly, I don’t trust Jessica completely. She’s the first one that implanted in my head voting out Paul, right? There’s a reason why she’s implanting that in my head. It’s like she's kind of trying to take control, and for me, I feel I need to do something about it.
4. Bret (1/1): Lucy come up saying Jessica’s the one pulling all the strings here. Jess, she’s got a huge game going, and I applaud her for that, but you’ve now shown your cards.
5. Chris (2/3): Lucy feels like she has Dave and Ken in her pocket and possibly would make a move on Jess. I don’t like Jess. I can’t stand her. So if I can help chop Jess, that’s what I’m going to do now.
6. Jay (1/1): The definition of Millennial would be, like, a young person with a lot of dreams ready to go out and conquer the world. And I appreciate that because I’m a dreamer. Gen X is like, (imitates old grumpy voice) “Okay.” Like, “High School. College. Nine to five. Get-get a-- get a life.” I don’t want that.
7. Adam (1/4): Hidden Immunity Idol searching has really died down at this camp, but I have a feeling that it might still be out there, and so I do feel like I need to rededicate myself to that search because after Mari was voted out, my head is definitely on the chopping block. And if I can somehow get my hands on an idol, I could save myself.
8. Adam (2/4): This is incredible. For a Survivor super-duper fan like me, like, this is what dreams are made of. I found the clue, and now I’ve just got to figure this thing out. I don’t know how much time I can spare looking for it. So I gotta go back to camp and look another time.
9. Zeke (1/1): The Reward Challenge was a nightmare from the beginning. Their guys are… huge. I mean, Chris is, like, the size of three of me. We just get demolished. Michaela, on the other hand, is like an Amazon woman.
10. Michaela (1/1): I’m one of those people-- I just like to win, you know? And when things happen, like my whole bathing suit getting ripped off, it’s like, you can either lose or you let your bathing suit get ripped off and win. So I was like, “They’re about to see some ta-tas today.”
11. Adam (3/4): I wish I could have performed better but that was never going to be my challenge. I’m not super comfortable with totally physical competitions. I just feel like I need to find this idol more than ever, but I don’t have a whole lot of time left because I need to make sure I find it before we either go back to Tribal Council or we swap. The clue says you have to look for the tribe motif, somewhere in this designated area and look for a shell. And if you break open the shell, you’ll find the Hidden Immunity Idol. I’m looking everywhere, and I just don’t see it. It’s not there. So I just walk along the beach and hope that something hits me, that I find something.
12. Adam (4/4): I just found the Hidden Immunity Idol. This is, like, beyond my wildest dreams. I finally went for it today, and I got it. It was really tough to make the decision to come out here. My mom was diagnosed about seven months ago with stage four lung cancer. (tearfully) It’s such a devastating disease. (cries) It’s been such a nightmare. It’s been the worst thing you can possibly imagine. (crying continues) And so to have, like, my biggest dreams coming true at the same time that my worst nightmare is happening, it’s-- it’s-- it’s so-- it’s just not-- it doesn’t feel real. My mom is a huge super fan. She’s the ultimate reason for being here. I want to give my mom something to look forward to. (tearfully) Being able to watch me find this, that’s what I came out here to do-- is bring some joy back to my family.
13. David (1/4): I went for a walk with Lucy today just trying to get a sense of what’s going on in her head because even though I did survive the last Tribal Council, I’m worried that Ken and I are still on the bottom. So I think the smartest thing for me right now is to go along with wherever the majority is leaning.
14. Ken (1/2): Lucy approached me and Dave and said, “We’re going to vote out Jess.” And what really got to me was that Lucy basically had a list of rules and regulations of what we were and weren’t allowed to do. “Do not talk to this person. Do not sneak off here. Don’t go off by yourself.” And I’m thinking, “We went from one dictator to another,” and doesn’t fly with me.
15. Chris (3/3): Losing immunity today was a tough loss ‘cause tonight at Tribal, I’m not sure what’s gonna happen. I mean, Bret and I just got blindsided two nights ago, so I don’t feel comfortable at all. But we have a plan to blindside Jess, and I’m counting on Lucy to make that happen.
16. Lucy (2/3): I’m like a tiger mom because the scenario that I love is me being in control. I mean, my husband and kids dislike me a lot of times because I’m making all the decisions, but somebody has to do it. So if it’s successful at home, it should be successful here.
17. David (2/4): In real life, I think that Lucy’s used to, like, calling the shots, but out here you have to be careful not to say the wrong thing or rub people the wrong way because you can really piss some people off. And that’s exactly what happened, because now Ken wants to vote her out. And to be honest, it sounds like a really great idea.
18. Jessica (2/2): I am stunned. Ken’s telling me that I’m now the one that people are gunning for because I was the mastermind behind the Paul thing. Which surprises me greatly, because I felt we all kind of came up with it together. So it seems a little suspicious.
19. David (3/4): Right now, things are blowing up in a big way.
20. Ken (2/2): I’m shocked. I felt the connection that I had with Jess was genuine. And I just found out she totally betrayed me, taking everything I had said and delivering it to Lucy on a silver platter.
21. Lucy (3/3): Ken ended up being a snake. He’s pissed off because of how I came at him. Looking back, yeah, I guess I could have been nicer, but Ken is so emotional like a girl. I’m just like, “Come on! You know, get serious. We’re just voting out Jessica.” Why start having emotions about voting people off right now? The whole thing is, at least you’re in the game still, right?
22. David (4/4): At this point, things are so messed up. I think the safest thing might be to just write down Jessica’s name. But if I do that, I just end up back on the bottom. Another option I have is, I could play my Immunity Idol for Jessica and save her, but I lied to Lucy straight to her face and I think she knows it. I’m sure she knows it. I just want to have the idol just for safety and security. I don’t plan on playing it but… Aaahhh! I have a lot to think about.
1. David (1/6): I played an idol tonight, but I don’t know that playing that idol was the right move because I saved someone who nobody really wants to work with, and now I don’t have an idol, and I’m incredibly vulnerable.
2. Jessica (1/1): I told Ken about the Legacy Advantage because I wanted him to know that he can trust me. So I’m hoping that that bought me some more goodwill.
3. Ken (1/3): Jess says that she has a legacy and she’s willing to share it with me. That means a lot. I’m giving Jess my full trust again.
4. CeCe (1/2): Since the immunity was played, the Immunity Idol is back up for grabs, so we kind of, like, had an idol search party.
5. David (2/6): We openly were on the hunt for a Hidden Immunity Idol. I felt empowered by the fact that I was the only one that knew to look for a symbol of our tribe, but the one issue with an open idol hunt is that everybody is looking for the idol, and you might be seen having found it. So I’m wandering the, uh, jungle, and then I just turn and I spot on the ground a log with our tribe’s symbol on it. But right nearby was Sunday and CeCe. And I’m thinking, “Oh, this is the worst, this is the worst.”
6. David (3/6): Eventually, CeCe gets bored and she goes back to camp. So does Sunday.
7. David (4/6): I can’t believe I’m so fortunate to play an idol and then find it again the very next day. I’ve tasted no victory in my real life that compares to the victory that I feel right now in Survivor. It’s just a shame that it took me ‘til 42 years of age to get it, but I want to be that guy, because that’s going to get me further in this game.
8. Taylor (1/3): The swap is random. You have no idea what’s gonna happen, especially, like, me and Figs, with this, like, little romance going on. My biggest fear right now is getting split up.
9. Taylor (2/3): Rock on! Fig-Tails continues. Like, I was so stoked because I’ve got the numbers, and I have Fig, so it could not go any better for me.
10. Michaela (1/3): I open up my buff and I see green. Man, I was pissed. You gonna send us to an empty beach where we got to make the shelter and we don’t have any food? I just wanted to flip him off right there, but I didn’t.
11. Zeke (1/4): This was like the disaster scenario. I’m on the one tribe where the Millennials are not in the numbers, and I’m with Michelle, the one person from my tribe I have zero trust in. And we’re outnumbered, so we’re in a bad spot.
12. Bret (1/2): Sunday and I are in serious trouble right now, but Gen Xers, we have a drive to get through tough times in life and… and-and not to quit. So I need to prove to them that I’m worth keeping around, because right now it’s just all about surviving this game.
13. Jay (1/2): On the Millennial side of things, everyone says we’re just dreamers, but the truth is most of us are relentless. The Gen Xers said, “Oh, we work hard and we do things the right way,” but the people that I have right now-- I’ve got Bret and Sunday, and it just sucks ‘cause they can’t figure things out for themselves and they just sit back and wait for you to say something. But even if I got to build a new shelter, I’m happy because we have the numbers. Four Millennials, two Gen Xers, “See ya later, Gen Xers,” because I’m chillin’ even if I lose a challenge. I don’t care. Boop, you’re outta here!
14. Ken (2/3): Coming back to camp was interesting. The Millennials definitely bring some high energy, some goofy energy to the tribe. Hopefully, Jess and I being more grounded and more subtle with the way that we speak and the way we do things can help us.
15. Figgy (1/1): Taylor thinks because we have the numbers that we can be out in the open. No! Sorry, Taylor. I love you to pieces, but being with these new people, that’s going to put a target on our backs, so it’s not smart.
16. Taylor (3/3): Figs doesn’t want anything to do with me. She’s like, “Stay away from me. Stay away from me.” But I really think that us being a power couple isn’t any different than two people in an alliance that really trust each other.
17. Adam (1/2): Getting swapped into a tribe with only Taylor and Figgy from my original Millennial tribe is my worst nightmare. Figgy is very controlling. She lies constantly, and she’s going to go through this charade as long as she can about how they are not a couple. I don’t know how long that will last, because Taylor is ready to start canoodling again. To me, that’s a worthless partnership.
18. Ken (3/3): Adam is just, like, the nicest kid ever. I kind of feel like I hit the jackpot. He’s super positive. He’s respectful. He’s polite. And there’s a little bit of a crack on the Millennials, so hopefully, Jess and I got Adam.
19. Adam (2/2): Ken and Jessica, they seem to have a tight bond, and I know that Figgy and Taylor won’t turn on each other, so I have pairs on both sides of me. I’m the guy they need to come to. I’m the guy they need to work with. I get to decide which side moves forward.
20. Michelle (1/4): My whole game was turned upside down. I happen to be on the only tribe with the minority Millennials, just me and Zeke, and three Gen Xers. My problem is that the alliance might be stacked against me. So I’m-- I’m definitely scared.
21. Chris (1/3): Zeke’s an Oklahoma boy, just like me, grew up in Oklahoma, probably and hour and a half from where I grew up. He’s a big Sooner fan. And of course, I played on the last National Championship, so we have that connection immediately. I am feeling better on this new tribe than I did at the end of the Gen X, ‘cause here I feel like I have a tad bit more control over my decisions in how I’m going to play the game.
22. Zeke (2/4): Chris played for my team, University of Oklahoma Sooners. Not only did he play for the Sooners, he was on the 2000 National Championship team. These guys are my childhood heroes! That National Championship was one of the biggest events of my childhood!
23. Zeke (3/4): Who do I want to work with? I want to work with the big ginger-haired football player who says, “Buddy, don’t worry, things are not what they seem. You are not on the bottom, and I want to work with you.” It’s like the heavens opened and the lights shined down and finally I catch a break in this game.
24. Jay (2/2): So we wake up this morning. We don’t have a fire yet, and I’m starving and I’m thirsty. I’m trying to use this flint. I’m exhausted. I’m trying. I’m trying. It just does not work for me and I don’t understand why. And I’m just losing all hope and I’m like, “You know what? Forget this.”
25. Michaela (2/3): The fire got to a point where Jay gave up. I was exhausted, but I was like, “Fire is necessary to our life in the game.” So I started trying. Deeper down, like, there is this thing to my life that sometimes that I get to a point where I’ve given it all that I have and am almost to the point of giving up, and then I push a little further and things pop. Like, I work for things. Working to put my own self through college. Working to pay off my own loans. I work.
26. Bret (2/2): Michaela said, “Well, let me try,” and she went berserk and, uh, all these sparks start coming out. Next thing you know, Boom! The whole thing ignited into fire and we were psyched and I was psyched for her. Man, it really brought us all back to life. And it was a great moment because, um, you know, she-she-she saved us today. It was really kind of emotional for her.
27. Michaela (3/3): I’m normally not a person to cry, but sometimes you just need something so bad. Sometimes when you-- when you have no other choice but to get something done, it happens, and is just letting me know, like the life I’m trying to get by-by winning this thing is worth it. I do want it badly for my family. Like, there’s nobody-- there's nobody in my family that’s been able to… to have success and keep it. You know, it’s like everybody got some type of problem, and I just want to prove that you can have success and you can have, like, your family together.
28. Zeke (4/4): I’m frustrated because CeCe and David are just atrocious in challenges, and they don’t even seem to care because they think they have the numbers. But thankfully, Chris is trying to make a move with us, and if he does, a Gen Xer goes home regardless.
29. CeCe (2/2): This is like a nightmare, a recurring nightmare. It’s like I go to sleep, I wake up and I’m in the same nightmare, back to Tribal Council. The one positive is finally I’m not on the bottom. This time we have the majority, three Gen X against two Millennials, so either Michelle or Zeke will be voted off.
30. Chris (2/3): Huge night tonight. This is a personal decision. And quite honestly, I’ve made a different decision. CeCe and Dave backstabbed me, and one of them has to go today. Dave bit me in the butt a couple of times, but he has at least some numbers that will survive this three-tribe situation that we’re in. I have to have a big alliance to protect me in a merge, so we’re going to vote CeCe off tonight.
31. David (5/6): It sounds like Chris wants to vote out CeCe, and I’m extremely nervous about that. Chris has on his side Zeke and Michelle, so I think I should just go along with the plan and make him believe he can trust me.
32. Chris (3/3): If we can come together, we can benefit each other. Now whether Dave will stay to his word or not, I don’t know. I’m trusting a guy that’s burnt me twice.
33. Michelle (2/4): David and Chris say, “It’s not you, we’re voting CeCe.” But how do you trust it?
34. Michelle (3/4): There’s a thousand possibilities that he’s not telling the truth. I’m not gonna sit back and let other people decide my fate because that’s not how I’m used to doing things.
35. Michelle (4/4): I try to talk strategy with her, and I can’t get anywhere. So all I can do right now is hope that David and Chris are telling me the truth and hope for the best.
36. David (6/6): Chris and I talked, and we’ve decided that we would work with the Millennials to vote for CeCe. But I really don’t trust Michelle. She wanted to woo CeCe over and target me. Once CeCe is gone, I would be the weakest person of our tribe, and I worry that Chris, Michelle and Zeke could form a voting bloc and vote me out in the next Tribal. And it’s got me thinking whether or not I should give my idol to CeCe and then vote off Michelle? I play a lot of chess, and the thing about chess, if you’re going to play a good game, is you have to look as many moves ahead as you can. And if it means betraying an alliance or people that trust you, do it.
1. David (1/1): Coming back after Tribal Council was an absolute relief. Chris and I said goodbye to CeCe with these two Millennials. It was absolutely the right thing to do going forward. It’s no longer Millennials versus Gen X, it’s the people I trust versus the people you trust.
2. Zeke (1/3): Tribal was such a delight because those silly Gen Xers sent home one of their own on the one tribe they had the numbers. Now all of a sudden, I seem to be in a power position with Chris, and I’m so stoked. I’m a brand new baby in this game of Survivor.
3. Jay (1/2): Everyone is hungry. Everybody’s getting grumpy, but I got to stay focused on this game because I have this passion, you know, inside of myself that says, “You got to take care of your family.” So I got my mom and my sister, and I never had a dad or nothing, so to me it was like I got to take care of these two beautiful ladies. People say that Millennials are selfish and they just want to do things their own way and they do whatever they want, you know, (sniffles and wipes away tears) but it's not true. This is for my family. (sniffles) I’m going to win Survivor. A Hidden Immunity Idol is the only cushion. I need to find this thing, and I’m searching everywhere to find this thing. There’s this little green symbol, and I’m like, “What the hell is that?” And I see the stamp, and I know it’s gotta be here somewhere, but I’m like, “Yo, it’s not here. What the hell?!” I’m looking at the tree. I’m looking at all the things, and then, Bang!, break this bamboo! And then, ? Ah, Ah, Ah! ? And then I hear the Survivor song in the background. (overtone-sings Survivor theme song) And I’m just sitting, like, “This is freakin’ awesome! This is-- this is epic!”
4. Jay (2/2): This Hidden Immunity Idol means, mom, you just got one step closer to getting the house. Today is probably the best day I’ve had on Survivor. I’m set right now.
5. Michaela (1/1): Hey, what you got there?! Hmm, I walk up on them two huddled up like two eskimos, and out pops this idol. Jay is one of my allies at this point, but do I think Jay would play that Immunity Idol on me? Heck, no! Right now I’m not going to tell anybody that Jay has the idol, but if I get wind of something going down, I’m snitching.
6. Zeke (2/3): Michelle is a very dangerous player in this game, because as Figgy announced to the world at the challenge, “I’m so happy to see Michelle.” And then waits a beat and says, “Oh, and Zeke, too.”
7. Zeke (3/3): You know, I’m obviously at the bottom of the Millennials. And so my gut tells me that getting rid of Michelle isn’t bad for me, right? Because Michelle was plotting against me before and has connections to Taylor and Figgy. I never thought I would say this, but I think to go forward, it might be necessary for me to give up on the Millennial tribe.
8. Hannah (1/1): I can’t help that I’m a person that has anxiety. Of course it’s embarrassing. You’re just, like, collapsing and you’re not even in the challenge. There were game thoughts of like, “I can’t seem weak.” That-- that’s the worst part. You’re like, “I can’t-- I can’t seem this weak in front of my tribe.” My brain is just so exhausted. There’s not a moment where you can just get to, like, breathe out and be like… (exhales) okay, I’m going to take five minutes from Survivor and just, like, go take a breath. And so, now I have to keep going. Perception is reality, and I have to keep saying I’m good so that people know that I’m good, so that it doesn’t become a hindrance to my game.
9. Taylor (1/2): My Survivor romance is growing each day, but Figs is like, “Don’t tell Jess and Ken about Fig-Tails,” our little romance we got going on here. But the Millennials have the numbers, so we’re in a good position right now. We’re a power couple and at this point, there’s no reason to hide it.
10. Figgy (1/3): You know, right now we have the numbers with Adam, but I’m worried about coming out. Oh, I don’t know if it’s gonna be, like, what type of reaction it’s gonna be. That’s what freaks me out the most. I don’t know if it’s going to be a good reaction or a bad reaction.
11. Ken (1/2): I’ve been around the block, little girl. I’ve been around way longer than you, and like… it’s obvious. And she was shocked. She thought they’d been doing a great job of hiding it. These kids think they’re in charge of it all. And they think, “This is vacation. This is fun. I’m on Survivor. This is awesome!” But that little couple of Taylor and Figgy aren’t as cool as they think they are. And I’m not going to sit on my ass and hope and pray everything is okay. I’m gonna make moves to make sure I’m okay.
12. Figgy (2/3): Takali tribe is going to Tribal Council tonight, and, um… it really blows, but if the Millennials are smart, we’ll stick together and take out the Gen Xers.
13. Adam (1/2): Losing puts me in a real bind, because this whole time that I’ve been out here, I’ve been playing double agent, and it certainly feels like if I wanted to side with Jessica and Ken, that I could do that. And if I wanted to side with Figgy and Taylor, that I could do that, but no matter how I vote tonight, somebody is coming back unhappy, and I’m in a really, really tough position.
14. Figgy (3/3): So the plan is to take out Ken. He’s a dangerous player in this game, and come merge he’s going to be a threat in challenges.
15. Taylor (2/2): Tonight at Tribal Council, we’re going to vote out Ken. But who knows? Maybe Adam is double crossing us and he’s way smarter than we think he is… Unlikely… but… maybe. (chuckles)
16. Jessica (1/1): Figgy and Taylor are going to vote for Ken, but clearly this can’t happen, because I need Ken to move forward. He’s got my back, and I have his. And if Ken went home, I would be the next one to go.
17. Ken (2/2): I could be going home, but I’ve never gone down without a fight. So til Tribal tonight, I’m going to be fighting for this.
18. Adam (2/2): My mind is just reeling right now, because Ken makes really good arguments. The question is: which side is going to be better for my future in this game? I mean, the whole world is probably screaming, “Get out the power couple! What are you thinking?” But at this point, I don’t know that that makes sense for me.
1. Taylor (1/3): Oh, my gosh, Tribal sucked, like, to the max. I can’t trust these people like I could Figs. Just the comfort of having her around, the smiles, just the high spirit in camp. For me, Figs was the light, and our camp is just kind of gray right now.
2. Adam (1/1): I feel badly that I, you know, ended their island romance, but I did what I needed to do. I put myself in a position where I can move forward with a group of Gen Xers, and Figgy was ultimately the sacrifice that had to happen.
3. Taylor (2/3): I’m beyond pissed at Adam. Now, this is a total game of revenge. I’ll keep my cool for now, but when it comes time, I will destroy you. (chuckles)
4. David (1/2): Sitting on the beach with the Vanua tribe, I’m thinking, if we lose the next immunity, Michelle is absolutely who we would vote out of this game, but I would not put it past Chris to try to pull a fast one and vote me out instead of Michelle. But, uh, I feel like I do have a tighter bond with Zeke than I do with Chris, and frankly, I think we’re cut from the same cloth. So I’m thinking I could show him my idol. That would establish a tremendous amount of trust. But, um… I-I hate sharing knowledge that I have an idol. It’s a very risky move or it’s a great move. You just really never know.
5. Zeke (1/2): David told me that he had a Hidden Immunity Idol. Which I was just delighted to hear, right? Because if you can’t have a Hidden Immunity Idol, it’s good that a person you’re very close to has a Hidden Immunity Idol. I think David and I could have a future in this game together. He has put his life in my hands, and I’m gonna take very, very good care of his life… for the time being.
6. Michaela (1/3): To come from ahead to behind to ahead again and get that second place, on the one hand, I was happy ‘cause we got skewers, but on the other hand, it makes me nervous when I help the team win ‘cause I don’t want people thinking that I’m the one to beat.
7. David (2/2): Walking into camp after winning reward and seeing the chef with his barbecue, his grill and all his fixin’s, it… (laughs) was such a relief. Jeff completely undersold it. This is food that, like, I would talk about in a restaurant in L.A.
8. Zeke (2/2): This game requires you to change and adapt. I spent most of my, like, youth on a diet, so I always am watching what I’m eating, but out here I pile food onto my plate. I funnel it directly into my mouth, and I just kept going, because the more calories I can eat now, the longer it’s gonna benefit me. And because of my inner fat kid, I could binge, baby.
9. Chris (1/1): The three guys turned into a bunch of animals and we’re just scraping food off the plate. Michelle was eating with her knife and fork like a human.
10. Michelle (1/1): By the end of the meal, all I’m hearing is bodily functions and noises coming from the guys sitting next to me. It got gross and annoying. I don’t eat like that. My mom taught me manners (laughs). But now I am a little nervous because me being the only girl, I could be an easy vote, but I’m not going to change who I am for the game.
11. Taylor (3/3): I hate talking about politics. You know, no matter what, one group of people is never going to be happy. I’m not so concerned with who’s going to be president. I just really don’t want to put my hope in politics.
12. Jessica (1/2): Taylor is classic Millennial. He’s so honest with his answers. He might not always sound the brightest, but you like him just the same because he’ll give you the answer that is truly the answer.
13. Jessica (2/2): We have Taylor, who he wouldn’t understand strategy, I think, even if you tried to explain it to him, and so maybe what he tells us is a little more reliable than what we’re getting from Adam, who is more strategic. So Ken and I are just taking in all the information that we’re being provided. If we don’t win, it’s going to be a huge decision, and we need to make the right one.
14. Michaela (2/3): I’ve been on this island 20 days. I’m half-way through, but I’m a strong girl, clearly the strongest girl in this tribe. I know I’m a pretty intense person. Steve Jobs was pretty intense. Michael Jordan is pretty intense. It’s like, Michaela Bradshaw is pretty intense. That’s what-- that’s what makes us winners, you know? So if you can’t handle it, can’t handle my heat, get out the kitchen.
15. Hannah (1/3): We’re trying to keep ourselves feel united so that we can keep winning. Of course this is all sort of a mirage, because, uh, there are four Millennials and two Gen Xers. Sunday is so sweet, but Bret feels suspicious to me. I want to cast doubt about Bret because I think he’s, like, lying about his funeral directing.
16. Bret (1/2): So, I’m sitting there minding my own business, and Hannah starts asking me questions about the funeral home business. So I give her the answers that I think she wants to hear. You know, I hated to lie to her, but I know the history of Survivor. Police officers don’t generally do well, so I’m going to stick to my guns.
17. Hannah (2/3): I think I might have just interrogated a cop. Bret talks like a cop, walks like a cop, but more than that for me, it’s about making the other three Millennials be sketched out by these two really sweet Gen Xers, because I want the four of us to stay tight.
18. Jay (1/5): Bret says he’s a funeral director, but the thing is, I know Florida cops, and honestly, if you took away his accent, put him in an uniform, put him in Florida, he would be someone that I’m running away from every time we start a bonfire on the beach. He’s too funny and too lively, I feel like to be a funeral director, and it matter if he’s a cop because he’s already lying in my face.
19. Jay (2/5): The Millennials obviously have to come together and decide is it going to be Bret or is it going to be Sunday, but considering Bret keeps lying, I’m sorry, Bret, but you’re going to have to go home.
20. Sunday (1/1): For us to lose felt like getting punched in the stomach. We actually all sat in silence for like at least a half an hour because we genuinely like each other. Bret and I looked at each other, and it was like, “Crap, it’s one of us.” I just had to hold back tears because I’m not used to being in a position where other people are deciding my fate, but that’s Survivor, and we both know it… (holds back tears) Sorry.
21. Bret (2/2): Me and Sunday had always said, “I will not write your name down,” but tonight we have to break that little promise, and she agreed. You know, it stinks not to have your fate in your hands, but that’s this game. There’s going to be times when you’re at the whim of everyone that you’re on the island with, but it is Survivor and you never know what’s gonna happen.
22. Michaela (3/3): I pulled the Millennials together and used some rocks and shells to lay out a plan, just showing it doesn’t matter really who stays and who goes if we play these numbers right.
23. Hannah (3/3): This split-vote plan is just in case an idol’s played. So the girls are going to vote for Bret, the boys are gonna vote for Sunday. That would make it a tie. And then we’ll revote and hopefully vote for Bret.
24. Jay (3/5): Michaela’s got seashells-- it’s kind of like a football play, you know what I’m saying? She’s like, “Okay, post-merge we’re eliminating this person,” and then she’s like, “There’s gonna be four seashells left, which is us.” And Michaela’s a smart girl, so that’s the-- that’s the problem.
25. Jay (4/5): She’s a huge threat because she’s good at competitions, she’s a smart chick, so I have this epiphany of saying, “Boop! Michaela should go home… before the merge!”
26. Will (1/1): Michaela is so intelligent. Every time I have a conversation with her about this game, she thinks about it methodically. I just need to wait for the right time to vote her out, because I really like Michaela. She’s a great, positive vibe to have around camp, and I don’t think any of us want to see her go.
27. Jay (5/5): I’m nervous. Michaela is a great alliance, and I’ve been with her since Day 1. And I still don’t trust Bret. It’s crazy when you make a big move because you’re thinking, “Is this the right logical thing to do?” Survivor is not a joke. This decision tonight could honestly mold the rest of my game either for a win or for a loss. I’m freaking out.
1. Jay (1/3): I made a big-ass move tonight, and, uh, I thought I was going to get punched in the face, honestly, but Michaela’s the closer. She closed on every single challenge, so I needed to do this premerge just to be safe, and, uh, pretty proud of myself right now.
2. Hannah (1/2): At this point, I’m clearly at the bottom of this tribe. I can’t trust any of these people. Being completely excluded from a vote is a sure-fire way to break trust and create enemies. Jay thinks I’m this pathetic idiot that can’t see past his pretty face and intense gameplay. I’m just plotting how to get back at them for not including me in their gameplay. I hope I can get my freakin’ revenge. I’m ready to play.
3. Bret (1/3): That was music to my ears. I went from terrified that I was going home, to now I’m at the merge within 24 hours. I can’t tell you how awesome that feels. Now the whole game is just opening up for me. Jay’s word has been true so far, so maybe I can trust Will and Jay. But yet I know I still have Chris, and I want to see what he’s been working on.
4. Adam (1/10): I made the merge. To get to this point means so much. It really means the world. But this is when things start to get really serious. Like, this is the point of the game where alliances and loyalties are really tested, and the really great players get separated from the mediocre players. And I hope that I’m in the former group.
5. Zeke (1/5): A merge! I’m so stoked. You know, I was down on the bottom for so many days, like, I didn’t know that I was going to make the merge, and here I am. The clouds have cleared and I’m utterly thrilled. I’m a little nervous ‘cause who knows who has made what connections at their other beaches, but for now I’m just excited to be here.
6. Michelle (1/2): Thank God. It’s the merge. This is gigantic. To be back with the people that you originally trusted and that you want to work with is huge. And Jay and Taylor, those are the relationships that I can take to the end. So I’m back in the game.
7. Jay (2/3): I’m super excited because I’m back with Michelle, and I got Tails back. But then I also got in my pocket, I got Will and Hannah, and I’m pretty sure Bret and Sunday. Besides that, I got an idol in my back pocket, so I’m the kingpin, but no one knows, and I want to keep it that way.
8. Bret (2/3): Seeing everyone together, I have no idea who I can really trust and who I cannot. I still truly trust Chris and Sunday the most. And then I thought I might be able to trust Jay, but I saw some Millennials kind of coming together, laughing, all joking and, um, you know, it got me a little nervous. So… I don’t know, man. We’ll see.
9. Chris (1/2): I haven’t decided if the merge is going to be a good thing or a bad thing for me. Everything was going really well at Vanua. We were on a roll. But the fact that there’s two tribes and then a swap and then now we’re back into this thirteen and trying to figure out those relationships is extremely difficult. Dave, Zeke and myself are meshing pretty well. That’s a pretty good core group right there to work with, and then I want to regroup with Bret and Sunday and figure out what the next move is.
10. Zeke (2/5): I am delighted to see my old nerdy pals Hannah and Adam. You know, it’s almost good that we got split up, right, because I have intel from Vanua. Adam has intel from Takali, and Hannah has tapped in on the intel from Jay at Ika Bula.
11. Zeke (3/5): Having my nerd voting bloc, I should be feeling great, but Jay worries me. He’s the locus of power right now because Jay is very charming. He looks at you with those deep brown eyes and he smiles the surfer smile, and it’s very enchanting. And it’s making me nervous. I see all of, like, the dudes, you know, Ken and Chris and Tay, everyone sort of getting taken in by this Jay charm. He sort of has this, like, mystique about him that everyone is drawn towards. He controls Will outright. He probably controls Michelle. And I’m just like, “If this bro alliance happens, I’m in trouble.”
12. Adam (2/10): My philosophy here is that having a merge feast, it’s nice, it’s fun, I like to eat, but do I need it? No. And almost every merge in Survivor, there’s going to be a merge idol out here somewhere. And I know this camp well. I was the only person that’s been able to find an idol here. So if there is an idol out here, I feel like I may have a good chance to actually find something. I take a look at Tree Mail, I look up, and there’s a note. I grab it. I open it up, but there’s no idol. So I’m like, “What’s going on here?”
13. Adam (3/10): I know everything about this game, and this is certainly a first. And it’s exciting to be a part of Survivor history, to have a new power that nobody has ever had in this game before. I think I’m in one of the best positions in this game and I have an idol. And so I’m going to sit on this and use this on something that really matters.
14. Taylor (1/4): I wake up in the middle of the night and I get this idea. I’m like, “I’m pretty good with mason jars, and, you know, canning stuff.” So I pull a classic Survivor move. I grab a mason jar. I put so much stuff in there, I was just like, “I’m going to try to eat as much of that as I possible can.” (chuckles) That’s my stash.
15. Bret (3/3): It’s the middle of the night, I hear clanging. I look out and the kid’s grabbing, you know, dried bananas. That’s our food for the week. This is thirteen people living out here. You don’t just jump in and start divvying up food for yourself. Well, I don’t want to be the one to say anything, so I go back to bed.
16. Adam (4/10): I wake up in the middle of the night and I see Taylor sneaking some food, so I decided it’s an opportunity to build trust with him. I’m going to have a midnight bro down and talk some game.
17. Adam (5/10): Taylor is an incredible unlikely ally for me. I have voted against his girlfriend twice and actually voted her out, but if I can convince him to vote my way, then I’ve got control of this game.
18. Taylor (2/4): Holy crap. Adam’s trying to get Will out. Are you dumb?! Like, I couldn’t believe it. I don’t want to work with Adam. He wrote my woman’s name down, but Adam thinks that we are very buddy buddy, and I want to keep it that way.
19. Taylor (3/4): That could not had been easier. I get all this intel from Adam. Like, I didn’t really have to do anything. I am a fan of the Survivor revenge, and so I want to blindside Adam as best as possible.
20. Chris (2/2): I’m starting to think that we’ve underestimated the Millennials’ hold on each other and their actual bond. I see a tight group over there. So I’m thinking we have to get one of ‘em gone or we’re in trouble.
21. David (1/3): Already people are floating around the name Taylor. It seems like we’re all on board with it, but it’s so early! And we’re at a point in the game where everybody is trying to carve out a path to Final Tribal. So there’s going to be a ton of scrambling. People are going to start to get unsure, and that is when the game gets crazy.
22. Jay (3/3): I’m chilling, just sitting back, and Tails comes to me and he’s like, “We need to talk.” And he’s like, “Dude, Adam’s gunning for Will.” And I’m like, “What the hell is going on?”
23. Zeke (4/5): I just heard Jay and Taylor discussing getting rid of Adam. And I’m just like, “Oh, my God, like, this is not good.” Right now, Jay and his coterie are the most dangerous. So I was hoping to get this kind of like nerd alliance together, but if Adam gets voted out, it’ll throw a wrench into my beautiful laid plan.
24. Will (1/2): Adam’s a rat, and we need to get him out. But now I’m freaking out because if he can get the numbers, I’m screwed. So I’m starting to think to myself, “I have to win immunity.”
25. Adam (6/10): My plan totally just blew up in my face, and I got to give him credit. Will needed to win today, and he did. And so now I need to try to figure out another plan.
26. Will (2/2): I can’t believe that I, the youngest person to ever play this game, won the first Immunity Challenge! And what makes it even better is that I needed this one, because I know that Adam had planned to try to vote me out of this game. So he has to go.
27. Michelle (2/2): We get back and almost immediately, Jay turns around and says, “We’re voting Adam out tonight.” And my immediate reaction was, “What?! That’s stupid!” We have all these other people who would be great to go home. It seems like more of a personal move than a strategic move, and I’m really worried we’re making a huge mistake.
28. Adam (7/10): I laid the groundwork for what I thought was a solid plan, and then the day of Tribal Council, it all unravels.
29. Adam (8/10): I had a feeling I might be playing too hard. I was playing too hard. Uh, now I have to scramble. And at this point, I’m willing to work with anybody on this tribe if it’ll keep me in this game.
30. David (2/3): What needs to be broken up is the upper echelon of the Millennials, and that’s Jay, Michelle, and Taylor. It’s just a question of getting everybody on the same page, because in the back of our minds, we’re thinking, “Well, there are idols out there, right?”
31. Adam (9/10): I need Zeke and the Gen Xers to get through this Tribal Council, but they’re back and forth on who to vote for, and if they can’t get it together, then I need my Plan B, which is to see if I can get Taylor to target somebody else.
32. Taylor (4/4): At this point, Adam has a good idea that his name has been dropped, so he’s scrambling. But it’s too late, man. Tonight is 100% about revenge. Adam’s responsible for Figgy going home. So now we’re in the merge, and I got my boys back, and we’re coming to beat you up.
33. David (3/3): We were gonna try to save Adam, but I don’t know if we can trust him. And then paranoia sets in and the panic. And that little seed of doubt can grow into a gigantic forest of doubt.
34. Hannah (2/2): Adam’s name is being thrown out there hardcore. And I knew this was gonna happen because Adam decided he couldn’t just play with the weirdos. He had to sit at the cool kids table.
35. Zeke (5/5): I had been hoping to preserve my sort of, like, nerd voting bloc, but Adam is the most frustrating person to work with, because I don’t know what he’s up to. So now I’m thinking, “We should just vote him out.”
36. Adam (10/10): Hannah is telling me that I just need to relax and that everything is going to be okay. But I know for a fact that my position in this game is very tenuous. Now the good news is I have the Hidden Immunity Idol. So I could play it, and know that I’m still going to be here tomorrow. But if I use it and I have the numbers, I look like a chump. (in frustration) Oh, I don’t know what to do.
1. Jay (1/10): I just lost one of my most trustworthy and loyal people, and now I guess the big Gen X cesspool over there is gunning for the Millennials. And even the Millennial flippers don’t even know because they’re so stupid, like Zeke and Adam and Hannah. Like, “Oh, yeah, you three are really gonna match up to the other six that are coming for you.” Freakin’ idiots.
2. Chris (1/2): I was happy to see the votes come down the way they did, because that means that I’m gaining some traction and some control in this majority group. I feel comfortable enough with the solid people in our group, but people like Adam who were maybe floating in between and really lost on where they needed to go, it just scares me. I don’t like it.
3. Taylor (1/4): Me and Jay have to work our way somehow into the alliance that was solid tonight. I gotta go pull Adam aside and kind of make sure we’re still on good terms as far as legal warfare, because Adam could possibly spill the beans that I buried two things of food.
4. Adam (1/2): Going into Tribal Council, Jay and Taylor blew up my spot, and then they gunned for me, and when they gunned for me, all bets were off. Even if I am at the bottom of Gen X, it certainly feels a lot better than being out of the game, which is where you tried to put me.
5. Taylor (2/4): I feel like I hold a bigger secret of Adam’s than he holds of mine. And I’m going, “You rat me out about my food stash, then, uh, you know, I’m going to rat you out about your advantage in the game.” This is my best idea ever, stealing food. I’m so sneaky that I stole, like, half of the food, and no one even noticed. My pretzels are getting a little bit soggy from all the fruit in there, so I’m trying to eat the pretzels first. This looks like a date, maybe. You can’t really see, it’s super dark. (eats fruit) That’s a peach. I still have a whole nother mason jar. I’m not even, like, half-way with this one. The only person that knows is Adam, but I have more leverage on him that he has on me, so, you know, if this works out, great. (eats fruit) Mmm.
6. Jay (2/10): Last night I got blindsided. So now in my head it’s like, “Dude, Jay, you might be next, dude. So try to find your way out of this hole, because even though I have an Immunity Idol in my back pocket, I’m in trouble.”
7. Hannah (1/3): I’ve taken my game into my own hands, and I want to do it well. Like, I want to do it justice, because I’ve loved the show since I was fourteen. And I’m coming out here and I’m actually playing with the intention of trying to win and build a résumé and it’s so fun!
8. Hannah (2/3): It’s like I’m finally getting to play. And last night I-- I realized that I could do it, and it’s addicting! It’s like I want to be able to pull off another vote! And now I finally get the chance to make some moves.
9. Hannah (3/3): I was on such a high for pulling off my first blindside vote, and I knew I wanted to keep Jay and Will closer to me, because I know they feel on the bottom, but I picked a horrible team, and to make such a glaring mistake, it takes you back a step, but if I want to stay in the game, I have to prove that I can handle this.
10. Taylor (3/4): We walk in and my senses were just overloaded. The amount of food packed on that table, it was crazy. Luckily, my body has been a little bit more adapted to food than these other guys because I’ve been sneaking food, so I’m a lot more capable of drinking more, eating more. That’s an advantage. I could win the next challenge from that.
11. Bret (1/1): Going into the reward, I said, “There are gonna be drinks, Bret. Take it a little easy. Don’t go crazy.” But, come on now, you get there there’s a pool looking out at the ocean, there’s food. I was like, “Well, at least my belly will be filled, so I can have more drinks.” So I just kind of went all out. I was like, “I’m gonna drink as much as I can while I’m here.” This is ridiculous.
12. Chris (2/2): Man, my man Bret started knocking back the drinks. He was all in, man. He had probably, I don’t know, eight or nine drinks. He was letting loose, but that’s just Bret. You know, he’s a big, loud guy.
13. Sunday (1/3): It’s kind of, uh, an odd group that we have going on here. I mean, for a solid, you know, alliance, we’ve got Chris, Bret, myself, but we don’t 100% trust David, Ken or Jessica. We’re just fractured as Gen Xers because of the experience at the Gen X tribe, so moving forward what I want to make is a proactive move, because I definitely feel like I need to take control of the game.
14. Jay (3/10): Right now I’m on a losing streak. Michelle goes home from Tribal Council, I just lost reward. So I try to regroup myself, and I’m, like, thinking to myself, “The Gen Xers are gone. I’ll talk to Adam. Maybe we can make something happen.”
15. Adam (2/2): I’m worried that I might be playing too aggressively, that I might be playing too hard, but I have to prove my loyalty to my alliance, because I have a much stronger bond with Gen X than I certainly ever will with Jay at this point.
16. Jay (4/10): I talked to Adam, and Adam was just a huge jerk. He’s basically, like, throwing it in my face that I’m on the wrong side of the line and basically saying, “You know, how does it feel to be on the bottom, Jay?!”
17. Jay (5/10): So… my back’s up against the wall. There’s gonna be immunity tomorrow. Hopefully it’s a challenge I can win, but if not, I’m in trouble, because it looks like they’re gunning my way.
18. Zeke (1/1): Adam can’t be smart like the rest of us are, trying to bring Will and Jay back into the fold. Adam has to gloat and make Jay feel crappy. And I’m just like, “Adam, don’t be an idiot and make people feel like they’re on the bottom ‘cause that’s when they vote against you!”
19. Sunday (2/3): I’m in the position right now where Jessica and I are friendly hellos, but something is underlying there. She’s nice. We connect as moms, but I just think because I voted for her, I feel like she really is gonna want to get me out. One of us is going to get each other first. But I can definitely use Jay, because right now he’s feeling like he’s at the bottom. We have a really good relationship from our time at Ika Bula. So I just need to talk to Jay.
20. Jay (6/10): As soon as Sunday says Jessica, I’m like, “Okay, sweet! Say anyone’s name but me and Tails and Will. I’m cool.” I gotta stay positive, gotta give good energy and, you know, the universe should be all right with giving it back.
21. Will (1/1): I opted to eat because I knew I wasn’t going to win that challenge against surfer guys. They’re obviously gonna beat me, so I could lose and go back to camp with nothing, or I could eat and go back to camp with a full belly.
22. Jay (7/10): So leaving the challenge all I’m thinking to myself is, “It’s either gonna be me or Tails tonight,” but Sunday told me Jessica, so my life is basically in Sunday’s hands at the moment.
23. David (1/2): The Immunity Challenge came down to a battle between Ken and Taylor, but in the end Ken-- Ken pulled out a win. Now we have a choice between whether to vote out Jay or Taylor. Will is safe because he’s seen as less of a threat. But an idol could come into play tonight, and then whoever Taylor and Jay want to go home, goes home. So, the safest bet is to split the votes.
24. David (2/2): In this particular instance, we think it’s the safest bet to split the votes between Taylor and Jay. Jay is the biggest schemer, the biggest plotter. Taylor is the least trustworthy of the two. Because we’re splitting the votes, I feel very confident that one of them is going to go home.
25. Sunday (3/3): If it were up to me, I would 100% like to see Jessica go home. But because of the way the numbers are, I don’t think there’s any way that I would be making the move. It’s a bummer because I wanted to use Jay to make a move against Jessica.
26. Jay (8/10): This sucks. Everything that we planned is out the window. And I hate being on the frickin’ bottom, man. Tonight, it’s either me or Tails, but I’m still in the ring, still throwin’ punches. I’m not gonna give up.
27. Jay (9/10): My closest friend out here is Tails, but I’m not going to tell Taylor that I have an idol.
28. Jay (10/10): I got three options with my Immunity Idol: Plan A, put it on my neck, be like, “Yo, forget your guys’ plan, I’m never going anywhere.” Option B, put it on Tails neck, but if they’re splitting the votes, that could just backfire and the next thing you know, I’m gone. Or Option C, just be quiet about it, hope for the best, and just save it for a rainy day.
29. Taylor (4/4): If I state that Adam has an advantage in this game, that’s going to put a massive target on his back. In my mind, I’m still holding a lot of animosity towards Adam. I am an avenger of Figgy at this point. If you steal the loved one’s visit, those people hate you, and I think that that’s a lot more leverage against him than he has on me. People already know I steal food. Like, who cares? Figs told me to fight as hard as I could, get to the end of this, and so that’s what I’m trying to do.
1. Adam (1/2): Oh, man, Taylor and Jay dragged my name through the mud, and now everybody knows about my advantage. I want Jay out of this game so badly I can taste his blood in my mouth.
2. Jay (1/3): Dude, so I’m in Tribal Council just thinking, “Tails, stop talking, dude, you’re burying me with you.” Like, not only are you going out, but now you’re making sure that I go out next. How am I going to clean this up? So I unbury the food just as like, of good faith, like, “Hey, here’s the food, this is what’s left and I’m gonna be honest about it,” ‘cause now my back is literally up against the wall. (points to wall) Literally. But considering the fact that I haven’t used my idol this whole time, it’s perfect because now they really think I don’t have one.
3. Chris (1/3): Taylor leaving was my goal. Taylor left. Next move, let’s go. Jay is seemingly on the bottom, but he’s not right now in my opinion. It’s gotta be Jess. 90% of it is she’s a strategic player. 10% of it is I owe her one for blindsiding Paulie in my alliance. And if I don’t hit her first, she’s gonna hit me.
4. Chris (2/3): This is a small, tactical squad that’s got to go in and take out Jess. And if it’s the last thing I do, I will vote her out.
5. Hannah (1/2): In Survivor, you’ve got to find a way to connect with someone who’s drastically different from you, and I do flirt with Ken. I just-- you look at Ken, and you’re like, Ken, Ken wouldn’t have any sort of crush on me, ‘cause, like, look at him! But maybe, just maybe, yeah, Ken and I… yeah… no… it’s-it’s… yeah, I-I could… I-I could… I could see that.
6. Will (1/2): I’m done working with Jay. It’s time to jump off the sinking ship onto a life raft, and that life raft’s name is Zeke.
7. Will (2/2): Telling Zeke that Jay has the idol is a way to build trust between Zeke and I. But, you know, I don’t want to tell too many people. But telling one individual who I need to build trust with definitely doesn’t hurt my game. If anything, it only helps my game.
8. Zeke (1/4): I need to have the most power in the game. And everything in Survivor is about relationships. There’s no better way to build trust with an ally than revealing the location of a Hidden Immunity Idol. And on top of that, a person with a Hidden Immunity Idol has a major advantage in this game, but if everybody knows that they have it, that advantage decreases significantly.
9. Zeke (2/4): We want to get Jay to think he’s the next one to go so he plays the Hidden Immunity Idol. But in actuality, Chris wants to vote out Jess. You know, we’ve had these two nice votes with a lot of people voting together, but now the time has come to turn on each other. The opening shots have been fired and the war is about to get bloody.
10. Hannah (2/2): This reward was my first reward, and I couldn’t help it. My body just reacted with elation. Like, I just… I, like, collapsed into myself in happiness. I also felt pretty guilty because, like, I could see people back at camp, people who you know are hungry, and I’ve been on that side of it.
11. Bret (1/1): And I don’t care what everyone else thought back at camp. Rewards are huge for your game because it makes you feel human again. It was like I was sitting in a bar having a few beers and some pizza with some friends. And it was good ‘cause Zeke and I really bond. And I think that’s really going to be a big help down the road because he’s been a lot closer with Chris, and I needed that bond.
12. Adam (2/2): To get a letter from home… (sighs) I don’t know that anyone will ever know what that meant. The other four saw that it meant a lot to me, but they don’t know that my mom was diagnosed with cancer. And one of the hardest parts out here… is the fear… (cries) at any point… it’s not gonna be good news for me. So every day that I know my mom’s doing okay… and every day that I stay here that I make it further in the game, that I get closer to that loved one’s visit and closer to the end, is another big win. Just that little piece, it’s enough to keep me going, to get me through these last two weeks of the game.
13. David (1/4): I’m on a journey, and it’s about coming out of this game as a better person than the person I walked in as. My whole life I’ve had this gigantic fear of death, but over the years, it became something far worse. It-it morphed into a fear of life, and it’s why I’m here. I’m here, like, start taking control of my life, and I really believe that if any experience can give me that power, it’s this game of Survivor.
14. David (2/4): Ken and I had some alone time and he really gives me a sense of confidence within myself. And I’m realizing, just in life and in this game, you have to take control of your own destiny, and you know what? Timing is everything in Survivor. But the threesome of Chris, Bret and Sunday is too strong. I’m uncomfortable with how deep in this game they’ve made it. It’s time for me, Jessica and Ken to make a big move right now.
15. Jessica (1/3): David wants to vote out Chris, which would be incredible, because I feel like he’s my archnemesis out here. We had some issues on our initial tribe together. So as far as I’m concerned, Chris needs to go home.
16. David (3/4): This Immunity Necklace can only be the beginning. It can’t be the end. And it’s a risk to put your foot down, but if I have anything to say about it, Chris is going to go home.
17. Jay (2/3): So the Immunity Challenge was today, and I freakin’ blew it, damnit. Now I gotta go to Tribal without immunity, and it freaks me out because I have no idea what’s going on.
18. Jay (3/3): No one wants to talk to me. All I know is if I feel it in my gut to use this idol, I’m going to pull it out and just throw it out there.
19. Sunday (1/1): Chris and Bret are ready to vote out Jessica, and that’s exactly what I wanted to do the last vote because I’m worried literally every day that she’s put-- putting something together to get me out of the game.
20. Chris (3/3): Tonight’s the night that we finally make a move on Jess. My man Zeke and his group are on board, and in a perfect world, Jay would play his Hidden Immunity Idol tonight. It’d be flushed and Jess would go home.
21. Zeke (3/4): Chris want to go after Jess, and David wants to go after Chris, so this is what I am deeming the “Gen X Civil War.” I’m tight with Chris, but if this war is starting, I want to have the power and the control. So now it’s time to pit the Gen Xers against each other.
22. David (4/4): Chris is targeting Jess. He’s been targeting Jess since the beginning of the game. So Jessica’s not safe as long as Chris is in this game.
23. Jessica (2/3): I have been told point blank that my name is getting written down by Chris, and that’s a scary feeling, because I feel like he’s got it out for me, like he has been gunning for me since the decision to vote Paul out. If I get voted out, I have to give the Legacy Advantage to someone else. But that’s not happening, because I’m a fighter, and I’ll do whatever I have to do to survive.
24. Jessica (3/3): The best thing for me is to have Chris go home, but we need to have Zeke. Tonight I have to trust an enormous (chokes up) amount of people.
25. Zeke (4/4): Right now I have what I’ve always wanted to have, which are options, right? My little click of nerdy Millennials can work with Chris, my, like, Okie buddy, or I can work with David, and make this huge move. But it’s hard for me because, like, I trust both of these guys. To win this game, you have to know where you’re going, and you have to know who you need to get there. And so this next vote is all about amassing the soldiers I need to march my army down the field.
1. Jay (1/2): At Tribal, I thought I was gonna have to pull my idol, and I’m sitting there, I’m like, “No one’s really talking about me, don’t use it.” It was a million dollar gamble, and I was right, and my name didn’t even show up once.
2. Jessica (1/2): Sending Chris home solidifies things for the group that I trust because we had a plan and everybody stuck to it, and the next vote should be Jay.
3. Zeke (1/10): Tonight’s vote went as I anticipated. It was necessary to see Chris go because Chris was in a major power position. He controlled Bret and Sunday. I saw going forward, I was going to need to make a move against David and his coalition. If I’m going to come for David soon, I need at least six. Bret and Sunday are integral to that six. And I like most of all that I got to them before David did.
4. David (1/4): I want to make Jay the next vote, but the fact is the person winning this game right now is Zeke. And so I think I need to eliminate Zeke in three votes, because I do want to get rid of Jay, then Will, then Zeke.
5. Bret (1/3): Unbeknownst to David, I’ve signed on with Zeke, because David, I know he can’t be trusted. And so I’m nodding and I’m thinking, “David needs to go, and he needs to go fast.”
6. Zeke (2/10): Wouldn’t you know, I wake up this morning and David has already started to come for me. I mean, like it’s understandable, right? Because I’ve already started to come for David.
7. Zeke (3/10): I’m like the doughy little gay guy, and like, a lot of people just didn’t believe I could hack it out here, and I think it’s developed a toughness in me. Today I am a warrior, with my goal ultimately is to make a move against David.
8. David (2/4): The thing about Zeke and I, I think we’re chess players in this game of Survivor, and I feel like I can read Zeke’s mind. I feel like we’re having much the same thoughts, and I hope people see Zeke as playing harder than I am. So I don’t think it’ll be such a hard sell when it comes time to vote him out.
9. Zeke (4/10): David and I are very similar people, but, like, I understand that I’m threatening. David understands that I’m threatening. I think people see it. But I think David is more of a threat to win than I am. This is the war that everyone has been alluding to, and now it’s a scramble for who has the troops.
10. Hannah (1/3): I want both David and Zeke to feel like I’m in their corner, and they’re both two extremely threatening players. I mean, I would love to work with David. David and I are very similar, both very neurotic people, but it’s been a month of Zeke and me working side by side, so I don’t know who I choose, either Zeke or David.
11. Adam (1/2): I have an advantage in this game that allows me to steal a reward from another player. And I was very tempted to use it, especially because David didn’t earn this one, but I felt like it was the best decision for me to hang on to my advantage and save it for another day.
12. Sunday (1/1): My dream was not only to get on Survivor but to win a helicopter reward, so this ranks up there as one of my favorite days literally ever in my life. I feel like I’m ten years old.
13. Zeke (5/10): My new drinking buddy is Bret. I don’t really like to drink beer, but I really want to cultivate a relationship with Bret. So if he wants me to be his new drinking buddy, I’m his new drinking buddy.
14. Bret (2/3): You know, I’ve been a big fan of Survivor and it’s just a part of my life. And as I get older, you start to learn who you really are and you start to not care what people think. I’m trying to get closer to Zeke because I want to work with Zeke. And I just like him as a person.
15. Bret (3/3): I didn’t grow up at a time when it was normal to talk about being gay, and the Millennials do not care. Zeke finds comfort in being himself and I think that’s great. And I’m hoping that, you know, as my life goes on from here on out, I can be that way.
16. Zeke (6/10): I owe a lot to Bret’s generation. I would not be able to come out at 15 were there not the pioneers who paved the way. And I think he really reflects this Millennial-Gen X divide, right? He spent time in the military during the “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” era, where he couldn’t have been in the military if he told people he was gay. And I’m excited that now Bret is getting a chance to, like, reap the rewards of what he has sowed.
17. Zeke (7/10): Bret and I, we’ve got, like, the rainbow connection. And Bret, Sunday and I, we’re all like, “David is the biggest threat in this game,” and I am delighted to hear this, because now I think I have united them against an enemy and they are my loyal soldiers.
18. Hannah (2/3): So, the winners get back. Zeke, Bret, Sunday and David, and I immediately grab David. I’m playing between David and Zeke, but I’m going with my gut, and my decision is to go after Zeke, because Zeke, he’s condescending and he can be a flip-flopper.
19. David (3/4): Hannah tells me that Bret told Zeke that I’m gunning for him, which is like, oh!... complete miscalculation on my part.
20. Jay (2/2): We had an Immunity Challenge today and guess who came out champion?! Oh, boy! I did. I won. I crushed these fools. And surprise, I still have an idol, but I’m not playing it tonight. I saved it so long for myself, I’m gonna keep it for myself.
21. Jessica (2/2): I have to protect David and vote for Zeke, because David actually played a Hidden Immunity Idol for me, but if David had just let well enough alone and not said anything, this wouldn’t be happening.
22. Ken (1/1): I’m gonna stay with David. I made a promise to the man that I would never put his name down, and so I want to go out swinging and fighting with David in this game.
23. Zeke (8/10): I have attempted to cultivate Hannah as a very, very close ally, and as we’re talking, it becomes very clear to me that Hannah does not have my best interest at heart.
24. Zeke (9/10): I realized that I’m no longer going to be working with Hannah. The vote, it was going to be David, but David has an idol, and if David plays an idol, we’re screwed, so if Hannah wants to become one of David’s numbers, she becomes my enemy and I have no problem voting her out of the game.
25. Zeke (10/10): We’ve come to the day where it’s going to be either David’s army or my army. So I’m trusting Bret and Sunday and Jay and Will. So we have five votes together, which is half, which means at worst we tie.
26. Adam (2/2): Hannah wants to vote for Zeke tonight, but I’m not confident about the plan tonight because I have been sitting back a little bit and allowing Hannah to run the show a little bit. And Hannah is a nervous girl, and it makes me nervous.
27. Hannah (3/3): My OCD is going crazy right now. It’s like the anxiety is like too much. My body can’t control it. Um, I feel like David should play his idol for me because if the vote changes at all, it’s going to be against me.
28. David (4/4): Tonight is huge. If we really do have five votes -- and there’s no really anymore, who the hell knows what’s happening -- but if we really do have five votes against Zeke, then it would be a tie, and then we’ll have to revote and it will require somebody flipping. Question is: who would flip? My people? Their people? But I’m not even sure that it will be 5-5. So I’m really schizophrenic about what I’m going to do with my idol. I hope I play the idol for the right person. This is really the scariest part of the game for me thus far.
1. Hannah (1/2): Tonight was just very emotional. To have people pick a rock rather than vote me out of this game, and then to have Jessica pick the black rock, it’s an awful feeling. I feel guilty and I feel thankful, and I… I just feel awful.
2. David (1/3): I’m really angry at myself. I burned my idol at Tribal for no reason. And now, I find myself in a minority with Hannah, Ken and Adam. So I need to find some crack somewhere. Otherwise, the five is just going to pick us off one by one, starting with me.
3. Zeke (1/2): The Tribal Council was amazing! I loved it. I loved it. Man, I felt like a warrior. This vote was all about David and I going to war together, and I definitely won the battle. I’m trying very hard not to be too excited, but I’m feeling like I’m going to the final five. I think I can win this game. And I’m just as happy I could win this game as I am that David is going to lose it.
4. Ken (1/4): I received a gift this morning… in my bag. I… (shows Legacy Advantage to camera) I got this.
5. Ken (2/4): Jess told me that she’d give me the advantage if she got voted out, and she did. There is something to be said about the power of being authentic and genuine relationships in this game. Day 36, if I’m still here, I’m going to open this up and see what it brings me, because I feel I’ve got a really good shot to get my daughter and I a new life, and a better life, and maybe walking away with a million dollars.
6. Adam (1/5): My mom has stage four lung cancer, and I don’t know what’s going on with my mom. I don’t know what’s going on at home.
7. Jay (1/3): This whole time Adam has had an advantage to take away a reward, but when he walked out there and he’s like, “Listen, I’m not stealing a family visit because that’s not right,” for five seconds we saw the soft side of Adam. So I was like, “Yo, sometimes I hate you, and sometimes I love you, but at this moment, I-I truly respect you and you’re a cool dude.”
8. Evan (1/1): Nothing can really lighten the load back at home. It’s a very serious situation, but me and my parents love Survivor as much as Adam does, and having him out here is such a boon for us. Um, it drives me and my parents forward, um, especially my mom. She’s getting so much strength from knowing that he’s out here living his dream.
9. Adam (2/5): (tearfully) I’m here to bring joy to my family, to make them proud and to give them as much to look forward to as humanly possible. And the better I do in this game, the longer I last, and the more that I make my mom happy. I have to stay focused, and I have to use this as… (sniffles) inspiration to continue fighting out here.
10. Adam (3/5): I’m playing for so much more than a million dollars and the title of Sole Survivor. The stakes for me are maybe higher than for anyone who’s played this game.
11. Will (1/7): Seeing my mom made me realize that I need to start playing this game, because despite the moves I made, despite the things that I’ve done in this game, people still don’t give me the credit I deserve, and that can ruin my shot at winning this game.
12. Will (2/7): It’s time to flip the script.The biggest threat out here is Zeke, and if he gets to the end, he will beat any one of us. It is very risky, but I didn’t come here to be dragged as a goat. I came here to play.
13. David (2/3): Will telling me that he wants to swing over to our side, it was like music to my ears, because right now, uh, you know, I-- I’m an endangered species. But I think Will’s telling the truth. So there’s a really good chance that Zeke is going home tonight.
14. Will (3/7): Zeke lost the challenge, so this is my moment. This is my time to make a big move so that people realize that, hey, this 18-year-old kid from Jersey, he’s here to play.
15. Adam (4/5): The Immunity Challenge was awesome! I’m making my Survivor dreams come true. I only have one checkbox left, and that’s winning this game. And, you know what? It might actually happen because I’m safe at Tribal Council tonight, I have a Hidden Immunity Idol in my pocket, and Will wants to make a move, and blindside Zeke.
16. David (3/3): I no longer have a Hidden Immunity Idol, so I’m incredibly vulnerable. And it’s like Will just got his driver’s license, and, uh, we’re all sitting in the back terrified because this is the first time he’s going to take us for a drive. But, I think it’s going to work.
17. Zeke (2/2): I have the numbers, so I should be feeling great. However, there’s something amiss at the Vinaka camp. It does not make sense that the four should be as calm as they are. I know David’s coming for me, so we need to get rid of him. But David has a nose for idols, and I’m so close to the end, I can’t take the risk, so we need to throw someone else under the bus.
18. Ken (3/4): I had a pretty good feeling about Will, but it wasn’t 100%. And I don’t just have a five-minute conversation, and then hop in bed with somebody. I’ve got to know the core of a person, their integrity, their value because I’m trying to win for my little girl, and I want to make sure that I’m safe.
19. Will (4/7): Working with Ken is like getting your finger and toenails ripped out at the same time. It’s excruciating, but I want to make a big move, so I have to deal with that crap.
20. Ken (4/4): Apparently, Zeke and his group are voting for me, and I’m like, “Why?” (shakes head) I’m not ready to go home.
21. Will (5/7): I’m thinking we’re good to go, then Ken walks back up into camp, gets Jay, and says, “We need to talk.” And at this moment, I know we’re about to have a rumble.
22. Jay (2/3): One minute, the solid five is good to go, like, “Yo, we’re doing Ken.” The next minute I have Ken come up to me and say, “Will told me that you’re voting my name,” and I’m like, “What the (expletive censor)?!”
23. Jay (3/3): We all knew something was up. He’s just a young kid trying to prove himself to the whole world, but we still need him.
24. Adam (5/5): We have this plan, and Ken (air quotes) “tests Will,” revealing Will’s plan. That’s not a test! That’s a betrayal!
25. Will (6/7): This guy preaches about honor and integrity and how he’s this great and noble human being with his arrogance and his extreme ego, and then he has the audacity to pull this crap on me.
26. Hannah (2/2): Ken just screwed up everything, because if we don’t have Will, whoever that alliance, led by mobster Zeke, wants to vote out, they’re going home.
27. Will (7/7): Everybody knows I’m in the middle. Now I have to make a decision. The logical side of me is telling me this is my time to make a big move, but I am so angry with Ken. I would love to blow up his game. Either way, I’m in control, and there is nothing anyone can do about it.
1. Will (1/3): I came into this game a kid, and I feel like I’m leaving this Tribal the man. I opened up every door possible for me. Everybody needs me in this game, and I believe I can start flip-flopping back and forth enough times to win this game.
2. Bret (1/2): I’m used to Tribal Council not going my way, and again it didn’t go my way. Will flipped and voted out Zeke. He said, you know, “I want to make some big moves in this game. I want to check them off in my checklist,” and I’m like, this kid wants everyone to think he’s not just a highschool kid, but he’s thinking like a highschool kid. “Oh, I gotta do all my homework. I gotta check off all these boxes.” Give me a break! This is getting to be a crazy game, and there’s a lot of people really playing it, so there’s gotta be a way for me to stay alive in this game.
3. Adam (1/7): Bret and Sunday come up to me this morning and they say, “Dave, Jay and Will are the three biggest threats in the game. Those three need to be the next to go.” And it’s music to my ears. If they want to put themselves in a position where they’re left with myself, Hannah and Ken, I love that.
4. Jay (1/5): It felt phenomenal to win, you know? And I’ve already won two individual challenges, but any time Jeff says, “Jay wins immunity!,” I’m like, “Damn right I won immunity! Put that thing around my neck. Let me go back to camp, and I’ll go spearfishing if I want to, I don’t even need to talk to any of these fools.” And plus, I still have my idol, and I’m going to hold on to this baby until I really have to use it.
5. Ken (1/3): Jay again, you know, three of the last four challenges he’s won. He got the Immunity Challenge today, and we would’ve probably targeted Jay tonight had he not won, but now we don’t know what’s going on. That’s how this game is being played right now. You never know from one day to the next, so tonight is completely up in the air.
6. Will (2/3): I feel like I have a working relationship with every single person left in the game. People want my vote. People want my input.
7. Will (3/3): So I have to talk to people and get people to realize that David’s the kind of guy where if he gets to the end, he will beat anybody, and that includes me, which means, to me, I need him out of this game. I need them to feel like, “Hey, I’m an equal contributor here.” At the end of the day, they’re not. I’m the one calling the shots.
8. David (1/2): Unfortunately, because Jay is now safe tonight at Tribal, there is so much scrambling going around, and the most insecurity I’ve ever felt is-is right now. At the last Tribal, Will voted with us -- it was great -- but the thing is Will is looking to pad his résumé a little bit more. So if-if Will is smart, the thing to do is to follow up a big move with yet another big move. And there’s this perception, uh, in-in the tribe that I’m the biggest threat in the game, and so, yeah, why wouldn’t you want to get rid of me tonight?
9. Adam (2/7): Will’s preference right off the bat is obviously to vote out Dave next. Will thinks now he has a degree of power, and he is in control. And that makes him more dangerous, so to me, Will is a bigger threat, and I do not want to put myself in a position where Will is, you know, controlling my fate in this game.
10. Bret (2/2): I think Adam’s been smart about how he’s been playing this, and we have some common goals that we’re looking at to make, so me and Sunday agree. We’ll go with Adam and vote together.
11. Hannah (1/3): I’m torn up, as I always am emotionally, because Will saved my butt in the game. So it’s like, I do owe Will, in a sense, but I also feel like I owe David in a sense. I mean, David pulled a rock for me, and we have always been allies. So, you know, you end up owing more than one person.
12. Adam (3/7): Right now, Hannah and I are in power positions. We can decide who goes home next. It’s a really tough choice. Bret and Sunday are in a weak position and they’re going to vote the way that I want them to vote. So the question is: Blindside Will and take out someone who I do believe is loyal to me at this point, or try to blindside Dave and take out potentially the biggest threat in this game? So we have a huge decision to make tonight. This is the moment where I start making the moves that I need to make to win this game.
13. Jay (2/5): Dude, any time that someone tries to make a plan with me, they end up going home. I’m like the black plague right now, you know what I’m saying? I am all alone. I have no alliance. But Tribal Council has been a complete chaotic mess every single time. You never know what’s gonna happen. So it’s time for the underdog to keep fighting, because I’m not going down without a fight. I still have an idol, and there’s still more immunities on the way, and I’m not going down.
14. Jay (3/5): Me and Adam have this, it’s kind of like a Yin Yang relationship where we love each other but we hate each other. And that’s how it’s been.
15. Adam (4/7): I’m trying to make Jay feel as comfortable as possible with me, and so I tell Jay that the next move is to get rid of Dave, but to me Jay has to go home. He has a Hidden Immunity Idol, and we have to take every opportunity we can to take a stab at the guy. If he doesn’t have immunity, he needs to go home.
16. Ken (2/3): Jay’s one of the strongest contenders in this game, and it’s definitely a struggle to sit there and watch someone who’s a younger version of myself doing what I would’ve been doing ten years ago. So I felt good about wearing the idol around my neck as opposed to Jay.
17. Adam (5/7): My biggest fear of going into the challenge was that Jay or Dave would win immunity. Of course, I would’ve preferred to win myself, but if I couldn’t win, I was glad it was Ken.
18. Adam (6/7): Yeah, I wanted to do everything I could to help Ken, because the most important thing about the challenge is Jay did not win and Dave did not win. My plan tonight is in the case that Jay does play his idol, Dave would go home.
19. David (2/2): I don’t feel great about the state of my game at all, especially since Jay will be afraid that we’re throwing votes towards his way, and if he does have an idol and he does play it, I automatically go home.
20. Hannah (2/3): It is important at some point to split up Bret and Sunday. Sunday’s extremely dangerous because she’s sort of made herself into a tempting goat, and people could want to sit next to her. And I’m very scared that someone who worked less hard will get a spot that I’ve worked really hard for.
21. Ken (3/3): I definitely want to be walking back here after Tribal Council with David, who has been my closest ally, my closest friend, but Adam is afraid of David-- doesn’t want to play against David.
22. Adam (7/7): I had a long conversation with Ken and Hannah, and throughout the entire conversation, I knew what I wanted to do. We have to put enough votes on Jay that if he doesn’t play his idol he goes home, and we have to put enough votes on Dave that if he does play his idol, Dave goes home. If we vote for Sunday, it would leave both Jay and Dave in the game, and they’re two strong strategic players, so we have to make sure that one of them goes home. There are so many moving parts to tonight’s vote, and the worst thing that we can have is tomorrow morning Jay is still in this game with an idol in his pocket.
23. Jay (4/5): It’s Adam telling me, “I know you have the idol, I’m gonna force you to play it,” but Adam always lies to me, so in all honesty, my name might not even come up tonight, and if I feel like not playing the idol, then I might just do it.
24. Jay (5/5): (tearfully) I love my mom just like he does and it’s crazy because, like, my mom’s got brain aneurysms, me and Adam are both out here for our families, for our moms. He’s not a weasel in my book anymore. He’s a good freakin’ dude. He’s a warrior.
25. Hannah (3/3): Adam’s reluctance to vote out Sunday is my reluctance, too, because it leaves a visible threat in the game, which is David. The problem is if Jay plays his idol and David goes home, I lose David, who I frickin’ love, so I don’t know the right choice, but the kind of person that makes a decision and convinces other people of that decision is the kind of person that wins Survivor.
1. Jay (1/7): They flushed my idol, and now they have left me barren and naked in this frickin’ jungle, to fight for myself, and it sucks. Now I gotta go around this camp tomorrow and start searching for the new one. It’s time to fight to the death, baby.
2. Bret (1/6): Tribal Council was horrible. It was our chance to get Dave. We had him in our sights. He was obliterated. It’s like… it’s like the Navy SEALs going into Osama Bin Laden’s compound, walking up, got the guns out, they got him in their sights and they say, “Yeah, you know what? Let’s go grab some coffee. We’ll give him another day. We’ll come back tomorrow.” You got him in your sights, you’re there, you take him out.
3. Bret (2/6): I’m working with complete morons. Jay and Dave are going to win this thing. We have to vote them out.
4. David (1/8): I somehow escaped another vote, but I have a huge target on my back right now, and I’m like trying to figure out, you know, where-- where are the knives gonna come from, right? Like, who’s coming after me? I have to do everything I can to survive, so I need to create a little chaos. I have been stealing all of these beads and shells for a while now. I’ve been taking them off of Tribal torches. I’ve been taking them off of water bottles. I’ve been taking them off of Tree Mail. I wanted to have a lot of options. We’re getting towards the end. I’m assuming that there are no idols left in this game, but a fake Immunity Idol could really mess up someone’s game. We are barreling towards the end of this game, and I’ve got to do everything I can to make sure that I end up in the final three. If I have to do dirty tricks like this, then so be it, and hopefully by tomorrow morning, I’ll have caught a fish.
5. Jay (2/7): I need to find this frickin’ idol, man. I need a delivery from an angel to just swing by and just be like, boop, “Here you go.” Then I hear, “Jay, Jay!” And I’m like, “Dude, I need to get some coconuts or else this is gonna look really suspicious.” I have Ken and David behind me talking whatever nonsense, but all I’m doing is focusing. I’m looking, I’m looking, I’m looking, I’m looking and… boop, I see an emblem. I see a pink little circle that was on a little coconut. Ah-ah-ah! Oh, my God, dude.
6. David (2/8): Oh, my God. I think he may have seen it. If I’m right, I caught the fish that I wanted to catch.
7. Jay (3/7): Luckily, these two fools didn’t look down and they just kept talking about coconuts while your boy Jay’s got his eyes on the prize, which is the golden coconut.
8. Jay (4/7): Last night at Tribal Council, they made me flush my idol, my safety net. But guess what? Oopsie… (kisses fake idol) there’s another one. No one saw the frickin’ idol. I have a train of losers following me into the camp. You can’t take the pirate out of this game. Let’s frickin’ do this. I’m going for a million bucks.
9. Ken (1/7): I’m tired, I’m hungry, but Day 36 is a damn good day in my world. Today I get to open up the Legacy Advantage and see what it has in store for me.
10. Ken (2/7): This game’s upside down right now, and you never feel safe, especially when there’s six people left. The Legacy Advantage guarantees me another step in this game. This is big, beyond big, and I have to be smart about it. So no one’s going to know about this until tonight at Tribal Council.
11. Jay (5/7): I frickin’ blew it! I was so close to sitting at final four for sure. Now I gotta take Adam and David and sit them down and save myself. The game’s not over until they say the game is over.
12. Jay (6/7): Tonight, I’m going to Tribal Council. The rewards are important because of the fact that if you pick the people correctly, you could change your fate. You could make moves. If there is a way to sway David and Adam to vote Bret, I can save my idol tonight so that tomorrow I can sit back, relax and just go, boop, I don’t need to do anything.
13. David (3/8): Other than Ken, not a lot of people are running up to me and telling me that they want to take me to final three. Jay is not only offering final three, but also serves as a shield for myself. That’s incredibly tempting, because once Jay is gone, everybody’s going to be looking at me.
14. Ken (3/7): You can’t ever let your guard down in this game, and I’m worried about was Jay able to swing anybody over to his side today, ‘cause his convincing, so I feel great with the Legacy Advantage in my pocket.
15. Bret (3/6): Jay is going home tonight. Absolutely easy 5 to 1 vote. Easy, easy, easy. So this was Jay’s last supper out here on the beach. My chances to get to the final three are looking better and better every day.
16. Adam (1/8): Bret is definitely a threat, but this is an opportunity to finally take out Jay. He could very well win two more individual Immunity Challenges and end up in the final three and win this game.
17. Bret (4/6): It should be simple, but you’re dealing with crazy people. This is what I’m dealing with: the crazies could send me home and cost me and themselves a million dollars.
18. Jay (7/7): Hannah and David are willing to move forward on Bret, but I need to get Adam on board. You gotta be persistent. You gotta keep implanting things in people’s heads. But even if these fools don’t want to flip with me, I got my idol and I can take out whoever I want.
19. Adam (2/8): Tonight is a very tough decision. I could save Jay. We share this weird relationship where we’re bitter rivals but we also have grown into this brotherly love, and I genuinely believe that Jay wants to take me to the end. He’s promised me final three. The question is: Could I beat him?
20. David (4/8): I am extraordinary worried that Jay is gone because he was my shield and I think now I’m the biggest target. And so I feel like I’m going to be voted out next if I do not win today’s Immunity Challenge. I just wish it wasn’t a swimming challenge.
21. Bret (5/6): I am very nervous that it could be me tonight, but I’m extremely happy because I didn’t want Dave to win, and I’m hoping Dave goes home, but I don’t want to get ahead of myself, because there’s crazy people involved at this vote. Anytime you get crazies involved, anything could happen.
22. Adam (3/8): I was this close to having a guaranteed ticket to the final four, and I dropped the ball. But the fact that Dave didn’t win is huge for my game, because I need Dave to go home tonight. More important than strategizing with people this afternoon, is making sure that if there is an idol out here, it doesn’t end up in Dave’s pocket. I know that Bret’s on my side, and I know that Hannah is on my side, but an idol can screw everything up. Dave is an incredible guy, but it’s why he needs to go, because he would win this game. I’m terrified that if this thing isn’t out there, it probably means that Dave already has it.
23. David (5/8): Tonight’s Tribal is absolutely a battle between me and Adam. I need to get rid of him before he gets rid of me. It’s the last night that anybody can play an idol, should they have one. I just have serious doubts about whether one even exists, so for this vote, it has to be Adam.
24. Adam (4/8): I mean, finding one and knowing how proud my mom was going to be of that was such a feeling of joy that I haven’t had for seven months outside of this game since my mom was diagnosed. (cries) It’s been an absolute nightmare, so to have some feeling of joy here and to know that my mom is going to share that, and get to do it twice, that’s the best. You can’t ask for anything better than that.
25. Bret (6/6): I come back from the Immunity Challenge thinking I’m next on the chopping block, but my name is not even in this and tomorrow is final four, you know what I mean? It’s Adam and Dave, these two are in a fight against each other. So I’m letting Dave think that I’m with him and I’m voting Adam. You know, I’m playing it cool. But tonight’s vote is about taking out the biggest threat of the game, who is Dave.
26. Adam (5/8): I could not have found this idol at a better moment, because this is when I need it. Dave and Ken decided to gun for me at the exact moment where I got safety for myself. So if anything, they’re going to look stupid. I have total power over tonight’s vote.
27. Hannah (1/5): So basically, I’ve been playing both sides like I always do. Adam brags to me, he goes, “I have an idol. Vote out David.” There’s some sort of arrogance that blinds some of these boys to not seeing what I can do to them. The men don’t have the power at this Tribal. Being in the middle is where the power lies. I could vote David out of the game tonight. I could go up to David and tell him, “We have to switch the vote to Bret.” My choice tonight is about both who I think I can beat at the end and who I can trust to get me to the end. All the boys have opinions, but at the end of the day, I want a lady to make the choice.
28. David (6/8): I’m blown away by tonight. It’s just-- I’m losing my mind thinking about it. Ken and Hannah saved me.
29. David (7/8): I should not be standing here talking, but yet here I stand.
30. Hannah (2/5): I get that David is a gigantic threat to win this game and needs to go, but I don’t think Bret wanted to stay with me in the end. So this move was a move I had to make to try to win.
31. Adam (6/8): I’m so blown away by what happened tonight. We just put Dave, the biggest threat in the game, one challenge away from the Final Tribal Council.
32. Ken (4/7): Four times after the merge I was able to walk away with this necklace here, and I’m in. I’m one of the three. Now who do I want to sit by? It’s going to be the absolute toughest decision.
33. David (8/8): The Immunity Challenge didn’t go as well as I had hoped, but I’m happy about the fact that Ken won, because I have such faith in Ken’s loyalty and trust towards me, and if it really is real, worst-case scenario I go to a fire-making challenge against Adam, which I’ve gotten pretty good at.
34. Hannah (3/5): My idea with the Tribal last night was to set up the kill for David, but tonight we need to convince Ken to vote out David or else it goes to a fire-making challenge against the guy who’s been making fire this entire time.
35. Ken (5/7): Hannah’s pitch is basically that if we take David to the final three, we lose. I understand where she’s coming from. David has played a hell of a game, but my whole game has been based on loyalty and friendship. From Day 1 I’ve been saying like, “Me and Dave, to the end.”
36. Hannah (4/5): It’s so frustrating ‘cause Ken works by a different code. He’s all about trust and honor, even when it’s not the smartest game move.
37. Adam (7/8): Dave and I both know that we’re voting for the other person. It’s entirely clear, and, you know, playing around it would just be pointless at this point. Meanwhile, Hannah’s out in the water right now with Ken hopefully trying to convince him to vote out Dave tonight, but if that doesn’t work, then I need my Plan B, which is attempting to beat Dave in a fire-making, uh, challenge. I’m practicing making fire with a machete, with flint, because I know if the votes are tied tonight, that’s what I’m going to be doing. It’s entirely possible. I’m so nervous. I shouldn’t be because tonight should be a no-brainer. It really should, but not with these people.
38. Ken (6/7): So tonight I can vote out my closest friend, or I can vote against Adam and then he and David will have a fire challenge against one another, and let them fight and fight like men and see who comes out on top.
39. Ken (7/7): Day 39. I’m here. I’m smiling now. I can breathe. And to be the last person of my Gen X tribe… (smirks) it feels damn good. A lot of people get though in this game without ever doing a lot of work, and I did the exact opposite. I played an old-school style game, and I played with a level of loyalty that most people don’t show in this game. But at the end of the day, there’s one motivating factor behind every single thing that I do, and that’s my daughter. (tearfully) I have to win this tonight to give me and my daughter a better life.
40. Hannah (5/5): I started this game having a lot of the negative stereotypes of millennials. I was like a neurotic, anxious person, but I’ve grown into the player I am. This journey has been about learning to be resilient and strong and learning to hold my own. Tonight’s Tribal Council is the firing squad that will test my personal growth. It’s about being calm and confident because I believe I played a better game than both Adam and Ken, and I believe I deserve to win a million dollars.
41. Adam (8/8): I have played a really hard game. I found Hidden Immunity Idols. I won individual immunity. I’ve blindsided others, but I haven’t done it in a way that made me a target. This has been the absolute hardest thing that I’ve ever done, is leave my family and my mom in this time because of her cancer. If she knew that I was this close to actually winning, I can only imagine how happy it would make her. That’s why I fought so hard to stay in this game. I have to do everything that I possibly can tonight to win it… (tearfully) for her. I cannot let this chance slip away.
