1. Paschal (1/2): We were making zero progress. I mean, I don't know how long we were out there, but every one of us were totally exhausted.
2. Zoe (1/1): We were singing and trying to get some sort of a rowing motion, you know, like-like on an old whaler there. And it really brought us together. 	
3. Paschal (2/2): My first thought when we hit the beach was, “Thank you, God, for letting us hit this beach." I was just happy to have made it.
4. Tammy (1/3): Everybody was so psyched. They were just running around and congratulating each other and we were thrilled. We made it. We made it the first part of the way.
5. Peter (1/5): It was great when we rounded that final corner. You know, we had seen a lot of coves, and we weren't sure if this was the one. And we thought it was the one, and then finally to see the flag, uh, coming home-- it was great.
6. Sean (1/6): As we were coming in, last maybe 50 yards or so, we all made a concerted effort to give a-a last heave to make it to land, and, uh, it was quite evident that Sarah wasn't doing anything at all.
7. Sean (2/6): Sarah's arrival was almost like Cleopatra. It was like the servants are paddling and lifting and she's sitting on a crate looking so marvelous with her boobs hanging out and her, uh, Goldilocks in the air. Save it, you know? This is Survivor. Ain't nobody trying to look at you like that here.
8. Sean (3/6): When we first arrived on land, I can't even des-- it was beyond words. First of all, I had never been on an ocean, ever. I mean, in the hood, ain't a lot of pools, you know, probably don't really swim too much. It's emotional when I think about the miracles that God has performed for me. We didn't do this on our own. He definitely... his Hand was under the raft guiding us.
9. Rob (1/7): Sean and Peter immediately bonded. They went into the water and they had their prayer Baptism revival. This told me that either Sean and Peter were either really playing the game starting real early, or they were definitely off their rockers.
10. Tammy (2/3): Our crate had no food. (laughs) No food at all.
11. Neleh (1/2): I had no idea that this would be like this out here. But I mean, we're here. We know we have to survive and it's tough, and so, you know, we just do whatever we can. The stuff that was in the crate-- we got a map to our water spot. We got two pots and a pan, two machetes and a small knife, and then a magnifying glass.
12. John (1/5): We were soaking wet and we had a limited amount of daylight left, so our first thing was to get fire.
13. Robert (1/3): We landed so late. The sun was down; the clouds were up. I mean we tried and tried and tried, and it just didn't work.
14. John (2/5): And Kathy, she's like, "We have to have fire and we have to have it right now." So we tried the “two pieces of wood” method.
15. Gabriel (1/2): Kathy slips very easily into the role of the skipper. Maybe it's her personality. Maybe it's the difficulty of being out here. I don't know. But we didn't need a skipper.
16. Robert (2/3): We were plowing, plowing, plowing and after rolling for all those hours, our arms were just spent.
17. Tammy (3/3): So we didn't get fire the first day... which sucked.
18. Sarah (1/2): I definitely knew this game was going to be hard when we got here and there was no food. There was nothing in the box. We knew that if we didn't work as a team, one of us was going to starve to death.
19. Patricia (1/3): Hunter's leadership role started when we got here. You know, immediately Hunter said we needed, you know, to stake out where we want to put the fire.
20. Gina (1/6): I'm already in love with Hunter. He's a great person. We have so much in common. Hunter knows a little bit about everything.
21. Sean (4/6): My nickname for Hunter is “MacGyver,” simply because he got way too much energy for me out here.
22. Sean (5/6): I see that Hunter is starting to be a focal point where everybody is going to check with him first. I'm a alpha male, too, so I find it hard to just follow somebody just blindly and keep going to somebody like they're my daddy. I'm not going to do that. They better know, I'm from Harlem and I'm representing.
23. Vecepia (1/2): I tried my best for 15 minutes and actually, we got some smoke. We got some good smoke. We just couldn't get it completely going.
24. Peter (2/5): The problem in lighting the fire is having maintain an air flow to keep it going. We got to have someone blowing. People know that I'm into yoga. You know, I did that about ten years ago, and in yoga, you-you breathe from the diaphragm, so I was able to take nice, long, deep breaths.
25. Peter (3/5): Yoga definitely helps with lighting the fire.
26. Vecepia (2/2): Sarah has a very cute body. She paid a lot for it. And, um, if you have it, of course flaunt it. I do not think that Sarah is using her body to get through this game, but I do think that if she connects with the right individual, then that will definitely help her get through.
27. Gina (2/6): Last night there was definitely flirtation around Rob and Sarah.
28. Gina (3/6): When they got into the raft that we had paddled in on and they kind of just hung out away from everybody else, and, you know, were there pretty much the whole entire night. So at that point in time, that was another, you know, question, “Well, what are they saying?” you know, “Are they flirting or are they making an alliance?” And you shouldn't put yourself in that situation if you don't want people to think that.
29. Gabriel (2/2): When we first landed on the island we knew we were going to run out of water in a hurry. We each had one coconut full of water, which is about a liter, and you really need a gallon a day.
30. Kathy (1/3): I did not want to go into this being the blond (shakes head) bitchy person at all 'cause I'm really not. The only time I do get assertive is when I see that a critical job isn't getting done.
31. Neleh (2/2): We were so excited when we found that waterfall, like, I saw it for the first time and I could not believe my eyes. I was like, “This is awesome!”
32. Robert (3/3): That waterfall was just, ah, it was like sanctuary. We found a ton of taro, so we got food, we got water. These surroundings will give you everything, so you've gotta be close to Mother Earth now. If you never were before, now's the time.
33. Kathy (2/3): Now that we found this waterfall, it's dynamite, and then it's just the fire, that damn fire. So I'm just going to work on the fire when we get back. I'm going to work on it until it's dark.
34. Rob (2/7): When I first arrived here I realized that we had no food at all, and I didn't want to be eating lemons and grapefruits the entire time we're here.
35. Rob (3/7): So I decided that I would try to get some meat for us. There are chickens and pigs in this area.
36. Rob (4/7): I had no idea that roosters can fly. But this rooster took off like a 747. He was out of there. And that was it.
37. Hunter (1/2): At times Rob is a little preoccupied with things that don't really pertain to the survival needs of the moment. He wants to chase chickens, I mean, I don't even think he knows how to clean a chicken.
38. Rob (5/7): Hunter felt that I was spending too much time trying to hunt down meat and I needed to be around helping with the daily chores. I realized that I'm going to have to work hard to stay in the group now, and that this is essentially going to be my fate.
39. John (3/5): Of course we knew we had to get fire. But to have somebody, you know, "The sky is falling! The sky is falling! The sky is falling," it really started to become grating.
40. Kathy (3/3): I don't have any support here. (weeping) And I'm frustrated, um, that these people aren't being more cautious about this.
41. John (4/5): I'm Irish and so I have that Irish temper and she sparked it and I did feel bad about it. And so then now I became fixated on getting the fire to basically neutralize my outburst. So I was like, "Damn it. I'm starting a fire."
42. John (5/5): Once we had the fire, then everything was forgotten, and, you know, she really started to come around with a personality, and attempting to bond.
43. Hunter (2/2): We're going to go hike up to the water source. Go check it out. We got a little bit of an adventure, but the big thing is we need to get the water so we can start tackling all the other things without getting dehydrated.
44. Gina (4/6): It was a huge relief that there was actually water there 'cause it's the dry season now, so we were excited, got our water, came back to the fire and immediately started boiling.
45. Peter (4/5): I'm a workaholic anyhow. I caught myself trying to do too much. You know, everyone is trying to put their best face forward and trying to, you know, show that they're, uh, you know, an integral part of the team, and, uh, all of a sudden I realized that I had to just, like, slow down. And then I went-went over and talked to, uh, Sean. Sean was great. He, you know, he's telling me to chill.
46. Peter (5/5): We talked and he almost, for me, reminded me simply of, uh, you know, and it's really comfortable to be yourself. Then all of a sudden, uh, you know, different tribe members came over and, like, we were having a real conversation. And it's nice to have real conversation with people.
47. Rob (6/7): He looks like a normal guy, you know, but he's going on and on about being holy. And I'm thinking he's talking about spiritualness, but he's talking about actual holes in your body. I mean, he's a Froot Loop.
48. Rob (7/7): We lost our first Immunity Challenge yesterday, and today we have to go to Tribal Council. So the game has begun.
49. Patricia (2/3): The impression the tribe gave me was that I needed to be voted off to keep the tribe strong. And I said, “Is it because I'm a woman or I'm overweight? Is it because they think me a mama figure?” All that was going through my mind.
50. Gina (5/6): I guess Peter got on our nerves this morning a little bit because he came up and called us all over and wanted us to talk about what the strategy of the game was and how he was going to do it.
51. Sarah (2/2): I would have to say tonight I'm gonna vote for Peter. He's just got this strange smirk on his face, he always looks like he's up to something. He's just strange.
52. Sean (6/6): I did think about who I possibly may want to vote out, and I was thinking the whole time maybe Sarah. When you look at Sarah and you go, other than having two floating devices that can help us out there, what value is she to the-- to the group, other than looking cute? It's not chauvinistic, but the more males you have on a camp, the better, uh, I think you can survive.
53. Gina (6/6): There's three people that I might choose to vote on: Patricia, if you look at physical strength, she is the weakest person, maybe, just because she's old; Sarah, I think she knows that she can maybe use her body with the men, the guys of the tribe; and Peter because of what happened this morning. But right now I have no clue I'm-- who I'm going to vote for.
54. Patricia (3/3): Eventually every one us is going but the winner. And who knows who that would be?
1. Gabriel (1/3): I love being in this tribe. I love everyone's spirit out here and how they decide to interact with each other, in-in positive ways. This is most definitely the love shack for our little love tribe. But Kathy isn't trying to be one of us, to-to get along with us. She sleeps alone out by the fire.
2. Kathy (1/4): It's only the, uh, fourth day, and we don't have any food. I mean, the ocean has food in it, so I knew it was out here somewhere, but I never turned over rocks in my lifetime to find food. (laughs) But this will give me some credibility today, because then maybe they'll listen to me when I tell them it's going to rain, and we are going to be miserable in that terrible hut. (chuckles)
3. Neleh (1/2): Rob has been struggling the last couple days, he's been pretty sick, not being able to help us out very much.
4. Gabriel (2/3): Being a big guy comes with needing a lot of food. I think it's taken the biggest toll on him not having what he's used to.
5. Robert (1/1): Since we've been out here, I don't think any of us have had any protein. We're going to change that today. We're going to do something. I think I would like to get either a pig or a chicken, because I really need to sink my teeth into some sort of meat.
6. John (1/6): We know that there's food out there, and we have to use what nature has given us to create different weapons. Fish hooks from Acacia tree, fishing spears.
7. John (2/6): One of the more creative things that I came up with was my own shrimp catcher. But our biggest one is we have a pig snare. If I catch a pig... (chuckles) you know, I might as well set my table at the final four.
8. Rob (1/6): We start off every day with a morning show. Sean runs the show, I'm in charge of the food portion.
9. Rob (2/6): The morning show is basically our break from the day. And it's our little bit of comic relief for everybody before we get into the, uh, toiling world of surviving here in the Marquesas.
10. Patricia (1/2): You know, I think most normal people that go camping, you know, take along their little gas stoves and their heaters and their tents and they think, "Yeah, I can do it, I can camp." We have nothing.
11. Hunter (1/5): There are a number of contributors in the camp. Mama, who you would think would be the least likely maybe is one of the strongest.
12. Gina (1/4): Miss Tricia has definitely changed since the last Tribal Council. When we got back, it was a totally different thing the next morning. She was up, she was collecting firewood, she-she won't sit down, she won't rest. I think that she's being herself now. She-- at first she was just a little scared she was going to get voted off and now she's-she's in it and she's comfortable.
13. John (3/6): Yeah, within the tribe, you're trying to develop a hierarchy. I want to be as high as possible. The highest place, really, I think that you can be is to provide food for the tribe, specifically protein.
14. John (4/6): Kathy's borderline abrasive as far as her communication style. And there's a little bit of condescending behavior when she talks to people.
15. Kathy (2/4): It was so exciting to see food, even though it was minute, I started losing it. And they were excited and they came out and they were flipping rocks like mad trying to find them.
16. John (5/6): Inside, it was like a mixed blessing for me. Great, I'm happy to have the protein. I just wish I would have been the one to find it.
17. Neleh (2/2): All you gotta do is take off the little black part on there. You pull out all the yucky stuff, like it's heart, I don't know what it really is, and then you just wipe off all this black stuff onto a leaf and you're ready to go.
18. Kathy (3/4): The seafood buffet lifted everybody's spirits up, and I thought, "Well, this will give me a point,” you know, “I won't get voted off now. I'm finding food.” But not once did they say "Way to go, Kath. Thanks Kath." Pat on the back? I didn't get one. Weird. I mean I'm not that hard to get along with.
19. Patricia (2/2): Work needs to get done, and if somebody is not going to step up to the plate, I don't mind telling somebody, "Look, let's go."
20. Hunter (2/5): Patricia has some really great ideas, she loves to nag me, you know, she loves to nag everybody. I don't think that we necessarily always need the nagging, but I think that's Patricia. She likes to do that. She's a mom and she's always going to be a mom.
21. Sean (1/4): She's doing too much talking to me, like, at first, it was endearing because it just seemed natural. Now it just seems like, "Oh no, Mama got to work, Mama can't sit down.”
22. Vecepia (1/4): I think Mama, a-a lot of her stuff is-is merely a show, with all this controlling-- (imitates Patricia) “Now you make sure that fire stays lit. I'm going to go get some more kindling!” Then, “That knife needs to be back over there!” That's just played out.
23. Sean (2/4): It's nice to bond with somebody who understands. A lot of things are cultural. You know, there are certain things where black people we don't even have to finish thoughts and we already know where we are.
24. Vecepia (2/4): Sean is what I call him Malcolm Farrakhan. He's got that Malcolm X militant type brother, and then he's got that real intelligent outspoken type of young man.
25. Sean (3/4): Sometimes the game isn't necessarily fair, because me and her are playing a whole 'nother mental game that they don't even know. That... when you're a person of color and you're the only one, you have to play, and that's something they don't even have to worry about. See, everybody can just be themselves. We have to be ourselves, but then hold back a little bit. And on top of that, she believes in God. I believe in God. And we're bound by Christ and that's a stronger bond, stronger than race, stronger than anything.
26. Hunter (3/5): We have some people here that want to seriously play this game and survive. I think others are here because they think it's a vacation.
27. Gina (2/4): Sean seems so strong physically. When you look at him you're thinking, "Man the guy is, you know, he's going to be strong for us, he's going to do this and that.” But he, he's lazy.
28. Hunter (4/5): I love everybody in the tribe, but Sean just doesn't seem to want to carry his weight.
29. Sean (4/4): Being that everybody seems to feel strongly about Hunter being the leader, everybody is gravitating towards him to make sure he sees what they do and their value and let me get cool with Hunter. And that's all part of the game. But I'm not going to do it. In the interest of us surviving, we are a team. So if I'm needed to go get water, I'm going to get it. But it's like, I ain't kissing nobody's butt and I'm going to tell you that right now.
30. Sarah (1/2): Me and Rob have more in common than we do with anybody else, so we just happen to want to hang out together. We're the two youngest people in the tribe and we just laugh at each others jokes and have a good time. I'm definitely attracted to Rob. I'm-- and him the same, he's told me the same.
31. Hunter (5/5): Sarah pulls Rob away from his duties. If Rob lays down, Sarah lays down. If Rob goes in the water, Sarah goes in the water. I think that if Sarah were to go, we may see more productivity out of Rob.
32. Rob (3/6): Pretty much the only game I got going on is with Sarah and that cuts both ways. At times, she can be an asset because, basically, she'll vote whatever way I tell her to vote, but, at other times, it's like, I'm playing Survivor for two. I have to constantly be watching her, because she's not really doing too much around here.
33. Rob (4/6): I picked her for a reason, because then it is like if I have one vote, I really have two votes as long as I have her along.
34. John (6/6): So we build this snare, and the pig sets it off, we don't catch the pig. Inside, I was like bummed. I mean, it's like going out fishing and having a fish take your worm. I mean, it simply was as close as that.
35. Tammy (1/2): It was almost like a mother holding a chocolate bar saying, "You can have this chocolate bar, but you have to listen to me first and do as I say."
36. Kathy (4/4): I was totally taken off-guard that they bit back so hard. They bit back real hard to the point where I was almost in tears.
37. Tammy (2/2): She kind of started to get tears in her eyes, and, I mean, I felt bad. Our point here isn't to make anybody feel bad or hurt anybody's feelings.
38. Gabriel (3/3): We decided it was past time for a shelter, and it was a priority for Kathy, so we made it a priority for the group. It's nice to have something we can all sleep under together and not worry about the elements.
39. Paschal (1/1): As my luxury item, I chose the American flag because I'm extremely patriotic. It's just such a wonderful symbol of what this group is about.
40. Vecepia (3/4): Myself and Patricia and Sarah have been working to get these coconut fronds together so that we can finish our roof. My main thing was to try to get it done before the rain, because it's so unpredictable when it's going to come and how long it's going to be.
41. Sarah (2/2): I've been saying for two days that we need to put on the, uh, palm fronds to make it waterproof and for two days no one has been listening to me and now, all of a sudden, Hunter just come up with this great idea to do it and everyone wants to do it.
42. Gina (3/4): I'm a little irritated at Sarah today. She's making a lot of comments, but it's all talk and no action.
43. Gina (4/4): They had already started on the shelter and she goes up and you know, "Well, you need to put some here and put some there. I told y'all that three days ago." She always tells you she's going to do this, or we need to do this, but she never does anything on her own.
44. Rob (5/6): Today, we had some, uh, pretty stinky fish, and we had to stick our face in it. Pretty much everybody did their job, and then it was my turn. And I blew it for the team. So we're going back to Tribal Council pretty soon. And everybody is pretty quiet, keeping to themself.
45. Vecepia (4/4): Sarah knows that she's just a liability in this, you know, she's just here for the ride, then whoever wants to carry her will carry her for as long as we can go.
46. Rob (6/6): If Sarah goes tonight, then I'm going to need to make a decision on if I'm going to join Hunter and become the worker bee again, or if I'm going to go with Sean and risk looking stupid.
1. Vecepia (1/4): Coming back with six people is definitely a checkup from the neck up. And, um, for us to come back to the camp and just act like business as usual was something we knew we couldn't do.
2. Gina (1/3): Sarah and Sean, um, they don't want you to ask them to do anything. They think they should know to do it and if you ask them they're going to get pissed off. So I don't know what kind of communication they want, um, maybe telecommunication, I don't know.
3. Hunter (1/6): The thing that bothers me is-is the complaining going on in camp. You know, you signed on to do this. This is a 39-day survival game, but you still have to survive. Otherwise, you're just going to dwindle out and peter out and you're not going to have any energy.
4. Tammy (1/4): Got a lot of rain last night. Our shelter leaked. Our heads and our feet got wet. It was dripping all over the place. The wind was up. It was coming in from both sides of the shelter. I think everybody basically just froze their butts off.
5. Kathy (1/4): We don't even have blankets, so it's cold at night. Blankets make all the difference in the world. So it's... it's hard.
6. Tammy (2/4): Nobody slept very well, so the first thing that, uh, you know, a couple people jumped on was repairing the shelter.
7. Gabriel (1/3): There's something about this tribe, I-I mean, there really is. We get a lot of strength from the good cheer and the kindness and the strong spirits that we have here. Being with Kathy the first couple of days was rough, but she has turned on 100% and now I love it.
8. Kathy (2/4): I switched it around. I'm also playing a little low-key. Go with the flow and-and not worry so much.
9. Paschal (1/2): Neleh, she's just got that-that little pixie look. Her attitude, her vivaciousness, just reminds me of, uh, my two daughters at home.
10. Neleh (1/3): Every single person on this tribe calls me “Sweet Pea.” I don't know why. Paschal has the greatest heart of anybody on the whole entire team. He's like the father figure of the group.
11. Paschal (2/2): They just call me “Pappy.” So I think that's probably the name I'm known now is Pappy.
12. Neleh (2/3): He's just always smiling and winking and just giving tons and tons of love. I mean, of anybody on the whole team that I would have the toughest time voting off, it would definitely be him.
13. John (1/5): I landed right on the top of a sea urchin, and embedded about 12 sea urchin needles in my fingers... and I got to get somebody to pee on it. That's supposed to be what you're supposed to do for that kind of venomous sting from a sea urchin is to urinate on it. It's supposed to help with the swelling and the pain.
14. Kathy (3/4): Paschal went out to try to pee. (laughs) He did that performance anxiety thing, I think. So it just was just good timing that I had to go to the bathroom.
15. John (2/5): I mean, that could have been like peroxide as far as I was concerned. I didn't think of it being weird that she was squatting down and I had my hand between her legs. I mean, it was like do what it takes to make it feel good, I don't care what you have to do.
16. Kathy (4/4): Finally when I think I was pulling up my pants I suddenly got very embarrassed, (laughs) but it made me feel good. At least I performed in the call of duty.
17. Vecepia (2/4): After last night's tension, it almost seems like the rain was a way of flushing out all of the tension that had transpired yesterday.
18. Rob (1/5): A nono is spelled N-O-N-O, is a little bug that's about a thousand times more vicious than a mosquito and it's about the size of a flea. You can't even see it. It bites you. You don't even know it bites you. And they itch like crazy.
19. Robert (1/3): A big rock got in between my shoe and my foot and just sliced up my toe nicely.
20. John (3/5): I am a registered nurse and everyone has confidence that I know what I'm doing and I know what I'm looking for in case something bad should happen.
21. Robert (2/3): It's pain, you know? You gotta deal with it. It's only pain, you know? Pain is easy. Life is hard, man. (chuckles)
22. Gabriel (2/3): The raft was a really fun project.
23. Zoe (1/1): Rob and Gabriel, uh, were working on the raft, and Gabriel had a really good plan. It was sort of like a, uh, Kon-Tiki deal.
24. Robert (3/3): I don't care if my toe is bleeding or falling off, I'm not going to let my teammates down. You know, it's not just, uh, fun and games out here. You know, you got-- you gotta keep on surviving still, and you gotta keep on working to help the group. Two heads are definitely better than one, especially when you're out here. You need every idea you can get your hands on.
25. Gabriel (3/3): As far as the other team, I don't think we'll be up against anything like what we've got going on here. This is, this is a really cool craft. Just getting to make this has been an absolute blast. We're all just having a really fun time out here. We'd love to win some more challenges.
26. Hunter (2/6): The morning after the Tribal Council after we had the kind of big blowout at the campfire, uh, you know, everyone seems like, you know, "Hey, a whole new beginning, you know, there's been a rebirth. Everything, you know, we're good to go now.” Um, to me, it didn't really seem that clear.
27. Sean (1/2): It wasn't a problem of Hunter stepping up. Take the lead. I don't have a problem with him leading. I just have a problem with whomever. I don't like overconfidence when it comes-- when I'm in your tribe or I'm on your team. So I refuse to-to sit back and watch the golden boy just smile and make suggestions and look like the leader and people not know that he's here to play a game.
28. Rob (2/5): It's weird. You might not believe it, but I am totally 100% like Hunter, without a doubt. I would not let it show out here for the life of me because I know that people are not going to take kindly to that type of a atmosphere. Everybody wants to think that they're the big man. So the smart guy will sit back and let everybody step up to be the big man, and then in the end just bank in on their mistakes.
29. Neleh (3/3): A bunch of us were out, you know, gathering shells today. John actually stuck his hand underneath a rock and an eel bit it.
30. John (4/5): Just lacerated the underside of my finger. Really, I mean, just ripped it open in just jagged shreds and it cracked my fingernail almost to the bed.
31. Tammy (3/4): He was panicked. I mean, he was on the verge of tears. He was in pain. It was obvious.
32. John (5/5): I was scared. If my energy and, uh, what I'm contributing to the tribe diminishes, then that may put me at risk. And that just kind of hit me really hard.
33. Tammy (4/4): Everything can change in a heartbeat. Here John has gotten hurt twice today. Things change just like that (snaps fingers) out here.
34. Vecepia (3/4): After being out in the... the sun for a while, we all got hot and we all felt that it was time to take a break.
35. Hunter (3/6): Sometimes it does feel like, you know, you're camping with a bunch of kids that don't know what they've gotten into. I mean, if you could pick a bunch of people you want to go camping with, I don't think this is the group you're going to accomplish the most with just because everybody thinks that this is a vacation.
36. Hunter (4/6): The constant complaining about food and things being wet and dirty is driving me nuts. And I don't say anything, but it's like, what do you expect? I mean we're not at a Ritz-Carlton. We're not in a five-star hotel.
37. Sean (2/2): People felt excited after eating that nasty raw fish. I wasn't. I'm sure it was a source of protein, but I would rather eat a bowl of my own doo-doo than that stuff again.
38. Hunter (5/6): You don't come here to complain and when you complain, it just makes life miserable. Just suck it up and deal with it.
39. Gina (2/3): I don't think we could survive if we lost another challenge. Our morale could not survive. In the Reward Challenge, whatever it is, we need it.
40. Vecepia (4/4): Zero for four totally sucks. We have four-four L's. Four big L's. (deep sigh) And, um, we need a W bad. And sometimes you need a-a fierce competitor to just keep harping it into you. We got four L's! It's not a good thing, but we have to go on.
41. Hunter (6/6): Everyone is like, "What is the problem?" And, you know, I don't have the heart to say it. But to me winning is an attitude you carry around 100% of the time, every day, all the time. It's not something you turn off and you turn on an hour before you go to a challenge. We would be winning more of these things if we were working together as a team to accomplish things around the camp. There's where your basis of teamwork begins. So, I mean, I think that's where our problem is stemming from right now, and that we're having a real tough time. You know, with some individual personalities that, uh, either aren't willing to work or do not take this game seriously.
42. Gina (3/3): It feels like crap going to the third straight Tribal Council. I-- it's the worst feeling that I've had since I've gotten here. I mean, then again this could be my last night, or it could be, you know, we gotta go Tribal Council again today and we might have to go in three days again. You know? You just don't ever know. It's a difficult situation. It's very difficult.
43. Rob (3/5): It's important for me to have people on my team that are going to do what I tell them to do and not know that I'm telling them to do it.
44. Rob (4/5): It doesn't matter if my team is stronger physically or even stronger mentally. But just that they obey. (smirks)
45. Rob (5/5): It's all in how smart these people are. If they realize if they need you, that's what'll keep ‘em loyal. Right? Fear, basically, it's a tough principle, but fear keeps people loyal. If they're afraid they have something to lose, then they'll do what they tell you to do. That's straight out of The Godfather. It's true.
1. Rob (1/3): Without a doubt, I think this is my game, and I'm the one that's controlling it, for the most part. I don't think Hunter saw it coming a mile away.
2. Gina (1/11): Last night at Tribal Council the four other members decided to vote out Hunter, which I think was a pretty stupid idea. I think the reason being is because Rob and Sean were tired of having somebody else in a leadership role, and now they're ready to take over. You can see it in what they do. I mean, we come back and we got to build a fire. And I think that was their main motivation in getting him off.
3. Gina (2/11): Nobody had a good explanation, no one. Um, Sarah's explanation was she just felt like, you know, she had two people and that's who she wanted to vote on. Well, Rob voted on that person, that's why she voted on him. She doesn't think for herself, Rob tells her what to vote on.
4. Gina (3/11): They think it's the beginning of Maraamu-- I have no idea. I hope it's not the end, because I don't want to go. I'll be the next to go. If we lose, I'm gone. They're not going to keep somebody like me around. 
5. Paschal (1/4): This tribe is a family. Uh, we've said that from Day 1. I don't know that the mood could be any better. It's, um, just a... a real calm, peaceful feeling. It's just family pride here, and I don't think the other team has that.
6. Gabriel (1/1): This tribe is unbelievable. The reason we keep winning is-is because of the unity and love that is in this tribe. It's an unreal experience to see eight people coming together every single day to provide for each other, not just rally around each other for a challenge, but every single day doing an activity that will provide for the rest of the group.
7. Kathy (1/8): I am preparing toasted coconut. There was a discovery last night by the infamous, infamous Chef, John, (laughs) to try and make our food taste better, and we just happened to discover that the coconut just got burned on the bottom of the pan and it tasted really good.
8. Tammy (1/3): The bottom line is, everybody in this tribe likes each other and respects each other as individuals. Whether we wanted it or not, we've become a second sort of family. And it's a good thing, it works for us.
9. Vecepia (1/3): Today's mail was a disk, it was a wooden disk. We kind of, like, threw some ideas around, but then we decided we're just going to shut up and wait. In a nutshell, we've assumed every single one. We have been wrong on every single one. So maybe today when we go in there, expecting the unexpected, who knows?
10. Gina (4/11): When we got back for the first time the new group, it was interesting, we walked around and showed them the fruit trees that we had. It was very exhilarating to actually see some people who didn't want to just sit around and be lazy.
11. Kathy (2/8): I just came from a tribe that would get up at dawn, check the pig pit, you know, and go out and forage for shells. So to us we feel like we're at a four-star hotel, that there's fruit on the table. So it's pretty nice.
12. Neleh (1/2): It was nice to get away, you know, and see some new scenery. The beach here is just beautiful. And the fruit definitely by far outdoes everything over at Rotu. I would have chosen here over that place for the fruit.
13. Sarah (1/3): Gina and Kathy right away had something in common. They're both all about the environment and want to go hiking and do all that. So that was good. Gina found someone right away.
14. Paschal (2/4): I thought the tribe that had been here was lazy. And fortunately, those members are no longer around, from what I understand. Having said that, the fruit situation over here, which we did not have over there, has made everything just, uh, worthwhile so far.
15. Tammy (2/3): After the challenge we got three new tribe members. We got V, we got Rob and we got Sean. I couldn't have been happier when they switched us up. I loved the people that I was part of that gr-- first original eight with, but I was also thrilled to get some new people in our tribe.
16. Vecepia (2/3): When we landed here on Rotu camp, I truly felt that there was a genuine welcome. But I also felt that their expectation was for us to just jump right in. Because everybody was immediately on their jobs. We noticed immediately these people were like ants! They were... (makes rapid sounds with mouth) and we're standing there like... (opens mouth wide open) Right now we'd be chilling, you know? Work done in the morning. (laughs) Afternoon, chill, the rest of the day. I tell you, at the other camp we never even fired up our frying pan. Everything was sliced, slurp, toss.
17. Rob (2/3): At this point, I'm really not sure how I'm going to overcome the numerical advantage that they hold. Having five members stay and us being the three newcomers. The biggest thing now is going to be to see how I'm going to be able to bond with these other people. Gabe seems pretty cool, he's definitely a brainiac. He probably thinks he's a lot smarter than he really is. When I first saw John, I thought he was a big-time queer. I really don't know, he seems kind of rough and tough over here, but he does all the cooking. So I don't know, I won't be sleeping next to him tonight, not the first night, anyway. The General seems like a nice guy, also. He's big and tough, and wants everybody to know that. Probably got a little sausage. Tammy is engaged, there's not too much hope there. And Zoe is pretty nice, but... come on. (chuckles) Without a doubt, Zoe is definitely the toughest guy in this tribe. I don't think this is the type of group where I can jump in and joke around and just be all outlandish and stuff like I could in the other group. Definitely the game is changing, and maybe for the better. Maybe for the worse. I don't know.
18. Gina (5/11): We walked up the trail and got water-- unbelievable to actually see somebody wanna go get water. So there is a new lease on life. I stayed with Maraamu, but I got three new tribe members that totally kick butt.
19. Kathy (3/8): It's very interesting being away from Rotu. Because that tribe is just workaholics, and... it's just weird being here 'cause it's so kicked back.
20. Gina (6/11): I'm very happy with what has turned out to be. I know they're a little disappointed because they had it so well and their tribe was so close, but since they have the majority of the people they could just pick off people on each tribe. And I definitely would not mind it if that happened on the other side. They deserve what they get.
21. Rob (3/3): Pretty much, life over here is about two degrees shy of hell. It's absolutely terrible. It's a night and day difference between the other camp. These people are workaholics, that's all they want to do. They don't give you a second to breathe. Every two seconds somebody is asking you to do something else. Why give in to this bull crap? It's all it is.
22. Sean (1/2): I feel like we're doing too much labor on this island. Definitely feel like the master is watching. I'm like, “Slavery has been over.” I feel like we're in the woods. I hear the Roots theme as we speak. Hear it? By the end of the night, I'm so tired after, all I wanna do is lay down. You know, I want to sit around the fire.
23. Tammy (3/3): If Sean and Rob decide not to work, we will still feed them, but their asses will be gone, first vote.
24. Gina (7/11): This morning, we got up. We started a little fire. Decided we were going to go for a hike. Filled up some water bottles, and then took off around the trail.
25. Paschal (3/4): Kathy decided she was going to, uh, take lead, and somewhere along the way we missed a trail or something, but we got sidetracked and, uh, basically got lost.
26. Kathy (4/8): Everybody enjoyed it up to a point. And then I think people started getting tired of the long hike and wondering if we were getting lost. They weren't used to bushwhacking. I was used to it, so I was feeling rather confident that we'll be okay.
27. Gina (8/11): Neleh and Paschal, I think, were very irritated. Sometimes I see that Kathy gets on their nerves just because she is so aggressive. And they're not aggressive people; they're very passive. They were irritated with her because she wanted to go on, and that might tend to break down after a while their bond that they have.
28. Kathy (5/8): It was hard going, somewhat. But we finally found, um, this very, very deep rock pool.
29. Paschal (4/4): We found a bubbling brook, and there was a pool there with pretty good-sized shrimp, maybe, uh, you know, three-to-four-inch size shrimp. And Neleh decided that it'd be nice to try and catch some shrimps.
30. Gina (9/11): Sarah basically just sat on the shore the whole time scratching her legs, and really not doing much of anything to help with the food situation. Sarah decided that she was getting eaten pretty bad by the nonos, so she decided she wanted to leave and head on back to camp. We truly didn't care, I mean, she wasn't doing anything, anyway.
31. Sarah (2/3): I have lost an extreme amount of weight, and I'm getting very weak and the bug bites are driving me absolutely insane. I thought I was going to come back to camp and cut my legs off with a machete.
32. Gina (10/11): Sarah basically just couldn't find her way back, so she came back.
33. Kathy (6/8): Sarah likes to sit back. I think that's probably her thing-- she doesn't participate. But, uh, Neleh, and Paschal and obviously Gina and myself are willing to explore and get some food other than just plucking it off a tree.
34. Sean (2/2): Whoo! These five have been here before us. They're a strong knit group, we're going to be the first to go if they have to vote anyway. So there's nothing you can do to try to prove yourself. And if you don't kiss butt, like I'm-- I don't plan to do, then you-you just know that your butt is next. If I'm the next one voted off, so be it. But I tell you, I can't hold my mouth for too long. They are definitely going to know where Sean is coming from.
35. Vecepia (3/3): Stay drama-free, and that's the way to be. You know, when the drama starts, I walk away. If my name's not in it, then I'm not in it.
36. Kathy (7/8): I think Rotu is going to do something. I think they'll back off. If they don't like the people that came over, I can see that tribe backing off on a challenge. Just taking it slower, maybe allowing us to win, just so they have the opportunity to vote somebody off.
37. Gina (11/11): As usual, Maraamu is heading back to Tribal Council tonight. Um, this is our fourth time. I'm kind of used to it, but I still hate it. I'm not looking forward to it, at all. And it's a little unnerving, because we are outnumbered. Sarah, I think, has kind of pretty much given up. I think she probably knows that she's going to go. I don't know that, 'cause the type of person she is, she might not have a clue.
38. Sarah (3/3): I'm definitely not giving up, but it's so hard to say with the five people we have now who's going to go, because we're all getting along so good. The one vote that I probably will have will be for Kathy, and it's because she's been very overbearing and motherly to me. Even though that may just be her personality, I don't know how long I could stand that.
39. Neleh (2/2): Kathy, is-- she's a hard-working woman. She is very energetic, very outgoing, I mean, she's out here for the kill. You know, she just wants to get things done. Um, but in the beginning of our challenge, she was kind of barking out orders and she's kind of really uptight about everything. You know, she wants it done here and now and, “Go get the fire started!” and she kind of like, almost panics, you know? So it kind of puts the rest of us into like, this panic stage.
40. Kathy (8/8): And who knows? I mean, I was walking today saying, "Kath, you just never know,” you know? You might get voted off.
1. Rob (1/2): Three days ago, we switched tribes. And now I'm over here at the Rotu tribe. I'm not really too happy about it. I had pretty much everything under control at Maraamu. Over here, we're five against three. And we're in the minority. Sean definitely is done with the game. He's just laying around, he doesn't want to try to fit in at all. I'm definitely almost positive he's going to be the first to go, and then it's probably going to be a tossup between myself and V. And they'll probably take me out second, 'cause V's a lot better at... (smooching sound) You know what I'm saying? Myself, I wanted to try to get in with their tribe, make some kind of an agreement or an alliance.
2. Gabriel (1/3): People are worried about how long they're going to be here. These guys brought-brought the game in with them. They brought the game with them. It started here in our camp now. I came here to try to build a society with seven strangers, but the switch sort of turned my initial experience around.
3. John (1/7): Gabriel says he's not playing the game. I mean, you are here to play this game, you're not here on a commune. You know, this is not the '60s, and, you know, free love and all that kind of stuff. Once the swap happened, it really should have been game on for everybody, but I could just sense that something wasn't, you know, right. So I'm like, okay fine, I'll just, you know, watch him carefully, watch who he's talking to, and then I'll deal with him accordingly.
4. Gina (1/7): The vibe, the morning after Sarah left, was actually very good. I think they wanted her out just as much as I did and I think we all just bonded and we knew our team was pretty much complete at that point.
5. Neleh (1/3): I think the point is that all four of us, are, like, is just that we just all have this energy about us. We just have this spirit that we just all wanna win.
6. Gina (2/7): Kathy and Paschal wanted to go get crab, and-and then Neleh and I are like, "No, we'll all go. Let's go as a group." And I think that was really the first thing that we had done as a tribe that meant something.
7. Kathy (1/4): So before you know it we were under these acacia trees and all of a sudden, these dudes, these androids, (laughs) you know, were just going back and forth. (imitates crabs moving) And they were so easy to catch.
8. Gina (3/7): It's really hilarious to see them, because they're all screwing around thinking they're hiding.
9. Kathy (2/4): We pocketed probably about twelve crab. The crabs then came back to camp. So we put them in one big pot of salt water and started boiling them until they change color, and, unfortunately, it does take a lot to get the meat out... but the reward is so huge. Because it's fresh, plump-y crab meat. So we were just picking away, and every little thing went in that was edible. I know we just ate the biggest spoonfuls. We weren't dainty at all.
10. Gina (4/7): I think we all have the spirit, and it's here. This is our time now.
11. Robert (1/4): Everything that we had worked for this whole time, everything that we won was just, like, the rug was pulled out from under our feet.
12. Vecepia (1/1): A lot of times when you face adversity and you feel that you're at your weakest point, the best thing you can do is bond together and strengthen as a unit. I felt that this was a perfect opportunity for all of us, you know, 'cause we were still in some sense still a little divided, still with the three and the five, that this would be the opportunity for us to really mesh.
13. Kathy (3/4): We had a great time just bringing everything on shore. We are relishing every little item we took from Rotu. But, most of all, we were happy to put a dent in the big tribe. And we were happy that they lost, so they could experience a loss.
14. Neleh (2/3): It's an amazing feeling to have this victory. I mean, more than anything I wan-- I wanted to win so bad, especially for Gina, 'cause, you know, she doesn't know what it feels like to win.
15. Gina (5/7): Words cannot explain how I felt when we won. I was so happy and so ecstatic. It was the first time I'd felt as though I'd been on a real team.
16. Kathy (4/4): Being the underdog and coming back in a situation like this is just, like, huge. It's triumphant. It's like the best feeling I've had since I've been here. It beats any one that I had with Rotu.
17. Gabriel (2/3): The new members of our tribe, and they are members of our tribe now, are really cool people. And I love it. I love that they're here, and it-- and this is Rotu. We are Rotu now, we are a tribe of eight, Rotu.
18. John (2/7): Over the last few days, I've noticed Gabriel really starting to bond with the three new members. Spending a lot of time together, lots and lots and lots of time together. Gabriel has pretty much said as much that it's five and three and his plan was to vote them all out and then to go back to, you know, one big happy family. And I'm just going to reconfirm with him saying, you know, “Are you on board and do I have your word that you're going to stick to this?” If he does then I'm fine.
19. John (3/7): To me at that point, when he said that, I'm like, "You know... you're done. You-you're not safe anymore."
20. Tammy (1/1): John pushed Gabe a little bit too far. He hammered him on it. He pushed, and he's still got a chip on his shoulder about it.
21. John (4/7): So at that point, I realized I had to get rid of Gabe, right away. Um, so I started to devise a plan to be able to do that.
22. John (5/7): Right now, I've got Rob, Zoe, Tammy and myself. The only thing I have to really worry about is if we lose tomorrow's Immunity Challenge, because if that happens, I could be out. Gabe is a wild card right now, and he could turn the tables on me.
23. Neleh (3/3): Well, we got Tree Mail. We're really excited. It's going to be some type of, uh, S.O.S. thing. The ship's gonna come by and we've just gotta make our camp as colorful and creative as possible, so we can catch their attention and win immunity.
24. Gina (6/7): We started brainstorming. Came up with the idea of using our blankets that we had gotten the day before. We're like, “Thank you, Rotu!” you know, “Thanks for everything!”
25. Gina (7/7): I want to win this immunity for two reasons, one of those is because we don't have to go to Tribal Council if we win. But the other reason is so that we can send the other team to Tribal Council and with my hopes, that one of the three members of the old Maraamu team will get voted off tomorrow night.
26. Robert (2/4): The four people that are sitting out today, which is, myself, John, Gabe and Tammy. We competed in the Reward Challenge yesterday, so we're not allowed to compete in this challenge today.
27. Robert (3/4): The way I look at it is, Maraamu might have won two challenges in a row by winning the one yesterday and raiding our camp. Because a lot of the materials that we would have used in our signal for immunity, would be the stuff that they took, especially the white blankets.
28. Robert (4/4): I don't believe that the people that are making our-our distress signal are the most creative that we have in the group. Our immunity fate is in-in the hands of the three ex-Maraamu people and Zoe. I have full confidence in Zoe, you know, she's been a seafaring woman her whole life. Rob and Sean have sat out both the challenges so far, so this is the first time they're actually stepping up to the plate. A lot of it is riding on them, you know, to see if they can pull it out a victory for us.
29. Sean (1/4): The importance of this, uh, distress signal is that it's an Immunity Challenge at stake, which means if we don't pull it off, one of us is not going to be here. If we do pull it off, it also guarantees us three more days.
30. Sean (2/4): Even though it looks like Fat Albert and the Cosby kids' S.O.S. sign, it's still... I think it's pretty good, considering what we have.
31. John (6/7): Gabe, Rob Mariano, V. and Sean could create a foursome. That would put me at a disadvantage. I needed at least one of the other new members, so I didn't get myself caught in a tie, in case Gabe figured out that I was trying to vote him out. And so then I-I went to Sean because I wanted to get him to vote against Gabe.
32. Sean (3/4): As you see the story unfold, the consensus is that they're going to get rid of Gabe, which is surprising. I think it was a mistake that John told me that. If they're going to vote for Gabriel, they needed to just do it and let me just sit there and think that I was going to be next, or-or, uh, Rob or V. That's their own camp turning on one of their own. It doesn't negate what Rob, myself and V. have. Now we have the upper hand. All I'm saying is... stay tuned.
33. Paschal (1/1): This is our ace in the hole right here, the American flag. I don't care where you are in the world, when you see this, you recognize it. If this can't do it, there is nothing on Earth can do it.
34. Rob (2/2): To tell you the truth, I don't believe John for a second. I think he's, like, slick, and, uh, I have a plan that may work to get rid of John.
35. Sean (4/4): If Gabe is willing to align himself with us we may vote for John. If you get rid of the head and then we have numbers, then, you know, the rest may-may fall. I look at how the cards are stacked, it's five on three. Unless there's a shakeup, either myself, V. or Rob are going next.
36. Gabriel (3/3): Rob Mariano was explaining that it's probably going to be me voted out tonight. I knew there was only so far in the game I could get doing it my way, and now I got another chance.
37. John (7/7): I wish I had not hatched my plan so quickly with Rob Mariano and Sean. I had this little feeling that said, you know, they're going to maybe try to hatch something else. I'm a little bit nervous, is this plan going to work? And if it does, it's awesome. I'm sitting in a really great spot. If it doesn't, you know, I'll be eating some good food tonight. (laughs) I think of all the votes that probably have occurred anywhere in this game up to this point, this one is the most pivotal. It's huge. I think it will be the biggest mo-move of the game. I think it'll just set into a whole different direction.
1. Robert (1/2): The four original Rotu members, Zoe, myself, John and Tammy, we made our-ourselves a little pact that we're going to try to control this and take it down to be the final four people. And, uh, right about now, we're feeling pretty confident that we are in control.
2. John (1/6): My leadership has emerged since we voted Gabe out. There was definitely a shift, I mean, basically now everyone knows I'm the leader. Everyone knows that I'm running the show.
3. Robert (2/2): John has made himself the power guy in our little group. That's fine with me. Right now, it's time for me to sit back, relax, let him take the grief. He's going to be the one who's going to be the target.
4. John (2/6): Maybe it's my new tribal baptism or whatever you want to call it, but, you know, I got silly and decided to go skinny-dipping. There I was with the original Rotu people, and after voting Gabe out, it was just like being able to wash off all that other stuff and like starting new. That was definitely a powerful moment. Symbolically, it's just showing that there's another level of our relationship with each other. I would not be comfortable doing that with the other three.
5. Rob (1/8): Oh, without a doubt, we're outnumbered 4 to 3. By losing Gabe, we definitely put ourselves at a big disadvantage.
6. Rob (2/8): V's driving me crazy because it's just so obvious what she's doing. I don't trust V. I never trusted V. If I have any opportunity at all to get rid of John, I will. I don't have an angle yet. I don't have a strategy yet, but if I have any opportunity at all to get rid of him, he will be the first to go.
7. Paschal (1/2): On this side, there's more time to be casual because you don't have to work at gathering food. It's just right at your fingertips. Physically, we're not a match for the other team and we know that. But we just approach it as best we can. I mean, you can only do what you can do and you can't worry about it.
8. Kathy (1/7): I was always concerned that having this small little band of women and one older gentleman was going to be very difficult to win. But now that I'm here, it's totally about spirit and energy and desire.
9. Kathy (2/7): We did not eat as well at Rotu because we had more tribe members and less food. We did not eat in the morning, we did not eat at lunch, we only had dinner.
10. Gina (1/6): The challenge was very exciting. It was a relay challenge. It was definitely a reward that we needed. Not necessarily did we need the food, but we needed to keep Rotu away from the food.
11. Tammy (1/2): Three quarters of the time that we're out here, we spend fantasizing about food. So it was a huge, huge disappointment when they said that we didn't win.
12. Rob (3/8): I ran the race, I smoked everybody. I did my part. I handed the key to dumb and dumber, and they proceeded to screw up the rest of the race for us. Maraamu is over there having all kinds of good food. And we're over here eating roots.
13. John (3/6): It wasn't that big of a deal to me to lose that challenge. To me, it was just a meal. And I avoided apologizing. Because I am in a leadership position, and I'm not going to apologize because we lost. The food looked great. But you got cucumbers, green peppers and beans. High, high gas foods. High. We would bloat up in a second.
14. Sean (1/2): We have taro, we have coconut. And even though it's the same every day, we keep tricking ourselves that John's cooking up something new. See what happens when you got to use your imagination?
15. Sean (2/2): I still say the chicken would have been the bomb. But here's the bottom line. He said that maybe you like, you would crap your pants. Well, what else we got out here but nature and opportunity?
16. Gina (2/6): Gabe had written Paschal a poem while they were all over there at Rotu the first ten days. And Paschal and Gabe bonded like father and son. Paschal doesn't have any sons, and he has said repeatedly that, if he had a son, he would, you know, love for him to be just like Gabe.
17. Paschal (2/2): This morning when I saw Rotu for the first time, I was flabbergasted. And really, I was bitterly disappointed, because I know what it was like when we were there and-and what Gabe offered. You know, all the people over there, I still love dearly, but it's different now. I mean, we-we are who we are now, and that's in the past.
18. Gina (3/6): I think the mood in-in our tribe is very relaxing, it's very peaceful. And we're at a point where we can just basically hang out.
19. Gina (4/6): Kathy's awesome. Kathy's got a really good spirit. She's very go get 'em, and I think she's probably a little more adventurous than I am, even.
20. Kathy (3/7): Gina fits in, for sure. I mean, we fit in with Gina. I think at the beginning, she was tentative, but she's definitely coming out of her shell, so that's a positive. But I think there's a little undertow of politics in our tribe.
21. Kathy (4/7): I'm definitely worried about the Paschal-Neleh bond and that Gina is going to step into my shoes.
22. Neleh (1/2): I think Gina is part of our tribe like there's no more Rotu, and we're just one big tribe together and that's how I'm just going to finish playing the game. I love Gina to death and I feel closer to her now than I do some of my other tribe members.
23. Rob (4/8): As soon as they got Gabe kicked out, I knew there was an alliance with those four Rotu people. I just wanted to see them lie to me to my face, when I asked them if there was or not.
24. Rob (5/8): I knew she was lying the second she told it to me. I could just tell.
25. Rob (6/8): I don't trust Zoe. At this point, I don't trust anybody in the game except myself. Pretty much I had had it with the, uh, quiet treatment from John and the rest of the four member cast of Rotu over here and I wanted to get things out in the open.
26. Rob (7/8): I think to a degree, I may have convinced him that I'm part of the team now. I want him to trust me, but he shouldn't.
27. John (4/6): It was very passive aggressive, like a throwaway comment, "Hey, are you gay?" But, you know, hey, I'm 36 years old. I've been out for a long time, so I said, "Yeah, you know, I am." I said, “Thanks for outing me,” you know? But this 36-year-old gay boy from Omaha is running the show and just whipping his pants.
28. Rob (8/8): This Immunity Challenge is critical to me. If we don't win this challenge, then I'm probably gone tomorrow. Sean, V. and Tammy definitely have to play in today's Immunity Challenge, because I sat out yesterday. I'm going to be the fourth member, I'm not going to back down, I want to participate. If we lose and this is my last one, at least I want to know that I gave my best. Don't count me out.
29. John (5/6): Tammy and the General and I have had a couple conversations about if we were to lose the next Immunity Challenge, who would be the next person to go.
30. John (6/6): My gut is screaming to me that it would be better if we actually lost this challenge and lost that voice that-- and that-that person that Rob represents that's so dangerous. What I was trying to say to Tammy is there are certain battles that you definitely need to win and there are certain battles that you don't.
31. Tammy (2/2): To be completely honest, I mean, I don't know what I'm going to do when it's time to step up to the plate for today's challenge. I just don't know.
32. Kathy (5/7): When we got back there wasn't fire, so I was feeling pretty bad. You know, I did not do a good leadership role in the maze, and we got back and I drowned out the fire. (laughs and makes throat slash sign) Gina and I sort of go back and forth about putting sand on the fire. I always put sand on the fire at Rotu and it worked like a charm. Maybe the sand was different over there.
33. Gina (5/6): She said at Rotu they put sand on their fire to keep the coals hot, and I know whenever I go camping we put sand on the fire to put it out.
34. Kathy (6/7): I was hoping that we would go to Tribal Council and vote tonight after having a conversation. But I went to talk to Gina about it and she felt that we shouldn't talk about it. So I'm not going to bring it up. I don't think they have enough guts right now to talk about it. I totally disagree with that, I think we should just own up to it, man, just put it on the table and figure it out and enjoy the rest of the day.
35. Gina (6/6): We know that one of us is gonna have to go, and it's a hard decision. I don't think they're going to vote for me just because I wasn't with them originally. And I might be wrong, but I don't feel that way. If I work at strategizing for myself, I'd have to vote on Kathy, because I automatically know that Neleh nor Paschal are going to vote on each other.
36. Neleh (2/2): Honestly, I haven't decided what I'm going to do. I've been back and forth all day. You know, I definitely know I'm not going to vote Paschal, but between Kathy and Gina, I'm having a really tough time.
37. Kathy (7/7): We're going to go to Tribal Council tonight and each member is going to get up and vote and it will be a secret until that very moment.
1. Kathy (1/13): A paepae is a Marquesan monument. That's where they had their ceremonies and where they even performed cannibalism.
2. Kathy (2/13): I think it was an emotional day. Last night, it was tough. Tough vote. I was happy at one point that the vote went my way, but when I saw Gina leave, I felt really bad. Paschal and Neleh, I don't think I can break up that situation. They have a really great bond. Because we're at three right now, I have to work it. It'll be tough. I think if we do get to another vote they'll vote me off.
3. Rob (1/9): This tribe is a bunch of morons. I've just about had it with this tribe. Vecepia is just so fake to me. The way people are acting, it drives me crazy. Maybe that's their game. Everybody is going to be happy to each other, but, uh, I hate it. I think at the other camp I always had an ace in the hole, and over here I don't.
4. Rob (2/9): I've been stuck in a roadblock situation for the past ten days, and I haven't been able to get around it. And it's like, I've tried going up one side of the mountain and I've tried going up the other side, and maybe it's time to try to just dig a hole right through it.
5. Rob (3/9): Yeah, I volunteered because I thought there may be a change and something might be getting shaken up. But that's how I've been playing this game. I've been taking chances.
6. Kathy (3/13): Jeff sat us down to pizza and 30 Coors Light. (laughs) And I was sitting across from this young buck, and I'm going, "I'm going to pound beers and eat pizza with this guy?”
7. Rob (4/9): I was just on a total high. I knew that by responding to this challenge I was taking a chance, and it paid off.
8. Kathy (4/13): We started talking immediately about what's happening with the tribes.
9. Rob (5/9): She doesn't know if I'm telling the truth or lying, just like I don't know, just like nobody in this game knows who's telling the truth.
10. Kathy (5/13): After talking to Gina, I thought he was just a lazy kid. Young, didn't care. I'm having a hard time with it.
11. Kathy (6/13): I felt that this pact that we were going to form was okay, but it happened so quickly, and he wanted it so badly, I just sort of shook hands.
12. Rob (6/9): John thinks I have an alliance with the team and now she thinks I have an alliance with her. Dude, I've been lying in this whole game.
13. Kathy (7/13): I'm a little hesitant on why he just suddenly decided to take me on as his soulmate or whatever it is. It was so quick. And I just don't trust that element of it.
14. Rob (7/9): I basically saw another Sarah in her for me. It's going to be interesting because if I actually do stand by my word and go with Kathy, it's a new game.
15. Kathy (8/13): Rob and I promised each other not to tell anybody that we discussed the tribal issues. We just were going to tell both the Rotu members and Maraamu that the conversation was about the new tribe name, flag, getting to know each other. We came back to Maraamu and we had to inform Paschal and Neleh that we had to get everything out of the camp onto a raft in five minutes.
16. Kathy (9/13): Uh, you know, upon arriving to the new tribe, it was great to see everyone, but I definitely entered with hesitancy. And I was aloof and trying to figure it all out after hearing what Boston Rob told me about these people wanting to vote me off. Um, I was disappointed, too, that the loyalty's shot. It's gone.
17. Kathy (10/13): I was aloof to Zoe, worried that she actually was going to vote me off. I didn't trust her. I didn't trust John. I didn't trust Tammy. I didn't trust the General. I didn't trust anybody when I got back here, really. I was very, very, aloof and somewhat quiet, just sort of hanging on the outer rim.
18. Robert (1/1): Rob and Kathy together developed our new name, Soliantu, and our new flag. We got our new buffs, uh, pink buffs. Uh, the-the women are very happy about it, you know? And I don't care what they say. Real-real men don't wear pink. Well, when, uh, we finally got the raft and the supplies on shore, everybody just like busy little beavers went right to doing what they had to do. We were just really so happy just to be ba-back together again. It was like old times.
19. Kathy (11/13): The game faces are on in full tilt and nobody wants to talk about it. Weird. Nobody wants to talk to me about it. I think the game has changed in the sense that the Rotu loyalty has dissolved or it has taken on new shape. And there is definitely some undercurrent alliance that's been formed while we were over at Maraamu. But in my heart I just can't get over that this Rotu tribe wanted to vote me off.
20. Paschal (1/1): Well, when we first landed, Kathy, I think she may have been advised by Rob, uh, either on the way over here or sometime shortly after we got here, that she was being looked at very closely as a possible first elimination, and she was really upset about it. I just told Kathy, I said, “Look, you know, I'll-I'll listen and, uh, maybe there's an opportunity that we'll find ourselves in, and if I do, I'll let you know.” I just didn't want her to-to get in a confrontational mode this early on after, uh, reuniting.
21. Tammy (1/1): A couple people said that you absolutely should not lie to play this game. “Let's-let's, you know, start something new. Let's tell everybody before they're going to get voted out and let's not lie, ever.” And you know what? That is just great, up here. (raises open palm) But it's not realistic. This is a game about being the smartest person, outwitting, outplaying and outlasting everybody else, and you may have to tell a white lie along the way or two or three. But I went into this game knowing that I was gonna do what it takes to win the game. I hope when all is said and done that these people still look at me and still like me. I don't intend to lie to any of their faces, but I do intend to play the game and win it.
22. Kathy (12/13): Zoe is lying to me. They're all lying to me. They're all lying to me, and I'm being played as a pawn. A pawn. I need the immunity because I'm getting the ax. I don't know, it's just not adding up, but I'm going to trust what Rob told me, and I need immunity to stay in the game.
23. Rob (8/9): It's terrible living over here with these people. They're all trying to merge into one like they're one big happy family. Uh, the way I see it now, Kathy probably blabbed to John, ratted me out. John's slick, but he's not as smart as he thinks he is. See the thing is, you can't have secrets too long in this game, especially in an individual situation like we're in now. But within the next two Tribal Councils, John is going to get exposed one way or another. I mean, that's the game. If you can figure out what buttons to push on what people, then you're going to have the advantage.
24. Rob (9/9): It's tough because you're looking for angles. You're constantly looking for an angle to play. Maybe everybody is lying, you know? Who knows?
25. Sean (1/1): Five years ago, I'd have been worse than Rob. I probably would've want to push John in that freaking fire. The reason I'm more upset because I've had personal one-on-ones with John and we've self-disclosed stuff. How it's like to be a black man, how it's like to be a gay man, what it's like to be isolated. We shared moments that got nothing to do with this game. And when we share those kind of moments, and then you come and try to pull some BS like this? It's really hurtful.
26. Kathy (13/13): Now everybody is back to that love tribe, happy family thing, so I didn't expect it to be that way, but it is. God only knows how many people are real about it. It's flipping me out. I just have to keep telling myself it's a game, and-and get into this peculiar act of kissy and love, and, “I love you, but guess what? When we go to the next Tribal Council, you're out!” (laughs)
1. Vecepia (1/2): Before Tribal Council, I pulled Rob aside and I told him that I was going to be voting for him, and he was okay about it. But I wanted him to hear it from me and I didn't want him to think that I was trying to do anything behind his back, especially being a previous Maraamu and having an agreement with him at one time.
2. Zoe (1/1): After the Tribal Council, with Rob being gone, the mood around here is so totally different. It's-it's so much more relaxed and peaceful, you know? There isn't a threat that some wise-ass remarks’ going to be made and-and set off a whole new fight going on for no good reason.
3. Robert (1/2): This diet has played havoc, I guess, with Sean's system, because he does have a little bit of a flatulent problem, but, uh, I sleep down the other end of the tent and I'm usually upwind, so I-I-I've been a little bit fortunate.
4. Kathy (1/15): Sean is definitely... you know, he'll probably be the next one voted off. Everybody's talking about Sean being a problem. He just doesn't work hard. He complains. He farts a lot.
5. Sean (1/7): I'm playing the game exactly how I came in playing, which is if you're true to yourself, that's the true game of life. The only thing that's changing is my attitude. (breaks wind) Oh, see how happy I am? I can pass gas and feel free as a bird.
6. Paschal (1/6): I got up before daybreak. I was out by the fire. I couldn't sleep, uh, so I got out and I was sitting by the fire thinking of my wife and my daughters.
7. Robert (2/2): Well, we got up this morning, and, uh, there was-- we had a real windy, uh, night and a real windy morning, and as you can see, two trees came right down on camp. We're very lucky that they fell this way instead of falling on our, uh... falling on our tent.
8. Kathy (2/15): Zoe just lied to me point-blank about the fact that the tribe had definitely scoped me out for the first vote off when we merged. I think Zoe's been lying from the beginning. I think she's been playing both sides, and I just can't take that.
9. Kathy (3/15): I was going to push her further on it, but I just decided with-- for good negotiations, not to get voted off. I wanted her to feel a little guilty. I think I did that.
10. Kathy (4/15): I don't know why, but I get empowered by these waterfalls. It's the freshwater and it's just... it's invigorating. So I wanted to be up there and just feel that pressure point on my back and kind of wake up and start a new day in a better-- a better direction.
11. Neleh (1/2): Nobody has ever complained about going to the waterfall because that's one place where we go, jump in the water, it's nice and cold. It cools us off and totally refreshes us. For me, it rejuvenates everything inside of me, and I'm ready to go again after I get out of there.
12. Paschal (2/6): And when we got up the waterfall and we were on our way back, we checked the Tree Mail and sure enough, we had Tree Mail.
13. Kathy (5/15): It was a pretty cool Tree Mail. It was a really good twist of trying to make kites and then we have to fly them and then we get reward.
14. Kathy (6/15): I think the next facet of this game is to eliminate the non-Rotu people. I think Sean will go first, but I don't think we're going to start voting off power. I want to, believe me. I would love to vote off John or Tammy, but I don't know if I can really get Paschal to listen. He likes to make his own decisions about honesty and trustworthiness.
15. Kathy (7/15): I need to have Paschal and Neleh experience some of this turmoil. A couple more pieces of turmoil and they see how people act, then they might commit to understanding that the powerful people need to go.
16. Sean (2/7): Look at my kite. It looks like the Little Rascals built it.
17. Kathy (8/15): The seas out in the South Pacific are crazy. I mean, they're so squirrelly. They're going one way, another way. If you hit one of those large swells, the Zodiac just comes slamming down. It was really fun. But I was definitely apprehensive.
18. Kathy (9/15): They had everything ready to go, you know? Wetsuit, tanks, they were informing me. I felt very confident. And by the time I was all suited up and I was about ready to do that back-flip off the boat, I just said, "Just keep going, Kath."
19. Kathy (10/15): The feeling when you first go underwater, it's like going from day to night, only it's going from air to a whole 'nother world under there.
20. Kathy (11/15): You really truly feel like a fish out of water, you know? This isn't our abode. This isn't where we're supposed to be, and I feel that I'm infiltrating something... that we're not supposed to be down there. But it's gorgeous.
21. Kathy (12/15): There were some rays kicking around. And the amount of fish is equal to being in a massive aquarium. It was a vacation down there, getting away from the tribe and the island and everything. And I just feel like I'm so far away from everything down there. No stress.
22. Tammy (1/1): Right now, Paschal, Neleh, myself, Big Rob, John and Zoe, we've all decided to vote the same for the next three votes. Sean is the one.
23. Paschal (3/6): Sean, I think, probably is feeling very vulnerable right now and is trying to stir the pot a little bit, to cause some possible, you know, doubts about what's going to happen tomorrow night in the event he doesn't win immunity or-or... whether or not he's got the votes to keep him on. So it's fascinating to watch all this take place.
24. Kathy (13/15): The real motivational force for bringing the Snickers bar back was for peace of mind. So if they had any beef that I won a-a challenge again, then I thought the Snicker bar would just kind of entice good feelings from the tribe. It could also backfire, like I'm trying to bribe them.
25. John (1/4): It was a beautiful gesture on-on Kathy's part, you know, an eighth of a Snicker isn't going to change my vote, but I do appreciate the gesture and it was very-- a very sweet thing for her to do.
26. Sean (3/7): Everybody's, like, “We're all family,” and I'm like, you know, “Everything ain't hunky-dory over here. Things are going on. People are not to be trusted.” But while you're still in the game, you've got to kind of be vague, but still put it out. Maybe Kathy. If I can get Kathy, then maybe she can get Pappy and Neleh. At this point, all gloves is off. And it's like, “Let's go for the gusto.”
27. Kathy (14/15): Being voted out fifth to Neleh is fine. She feels if you make too many waves, she said, "Kathy, if you talk any more about that, you're going to get voted off." So now, Paschal's sort of the pivotal vote.
28. Kathy (15/15): If I could have formed the alliance with Sean and V and Paschal and Neleh and myself, I would've had a huge shot at it, but that's not going to happen. Paschal wants Sean off, and so does everybody else.
29. John (2/4): I'm feeling vulnerable because of the-the warpath that Sean went on, and so what I'm worried about are there maybe people that may believe some of the trash he was talking and decide to vote against me?
30. Paschal (4/6): John picked up on something that Sean may be under the belief that he has Kathy and V and me and Neleh with him, which is incorrect. And I just wanted to-to tell John and I told him, I said, "You've got my word that's not true."
31. John (3/4): Neleh and Paschal, I think, are really supporting my success in this game and are really rooting for me. And knowing that you can rely upon those two people, I mean, it's like two free passes. It's an amazing experience. I mean it-it's actually kind of mind blowing.
32. Sean (4/7): The mood in the camp right now seems to be, you know, we're all on the jury and good luck to everybody, but I do know "good luck to everybody" really means "good luck to Sean." Is... (chuckles) you know, every man for himself is really Sean is for himself swimming upstream.
33. Sean (5/7): I don't trust anyone of these people in this game. I've been trying to win immunity for me. I'm not giving it up if I win, and if I lose, I'm going to salute them and tell them, "Good luck," because pretty much that's how they wanted it. I'm on my own. Why would I want to trust any of them now at this stage in the game?
34. Vecepia (2/2): You know how people always say “everything is not perfect?” When you get back from a challenge, you find out just how everything is not always perfect. At the challenge, there was a-- quite a bit of cockiness with Tammy, Zoe, Big Rob and John.
35. John (4/4): Today in the trivia game, Sean went out first, then V, then Kathy. I had some satisfaction that I was the one that cut Sean's last rope. So hopefully that will be an omen tonight.
36. Sean (6/7): Everybody saw for their own eyes today at-at the, uh, challenge how arrogant the four was, and, um, I think it rubs people the wrong way.
37. Paschal (5/6): I think the way that immunity came down, the coconut chopping and all, I think it signaled to us that there was a pecking order, and-and we were included in it, even though we had been told that that wasn't true.
38. Neleh (2/2): I just had this feeling, you know, especially after today's Immunity Challenge. I saw them hack down Paschal's coconuts so fast, and inside I'm just like, “There's... there's gotta be something changed here.”
39. Paschal (6/6): I don't know how to play this game. I have no clue how to play it. I don't want to know how to play it. I tend to lay back and watch the lay of the land and then when I think I've got the lay of the land figured out, I begin doing something. This is exactly how I am in the courtroom, in life. The only thing I can say is I think I'm a fair and consistent judge. I think I'm a fair and consistent player.
40. Sean (7/7): I'm going to pack all my stuff, and when I go to Tribal, I'm fully prepared to be voted out. If it's going to be that they vote me out ninth, I don't like going out like a wimp because I'd rather go out with my head held high knowing that I tried, than staying around dealing with the drama with people saying, “Well, at least five, six or seven is not bad.”
1. Sean (1/13): I feel so good this morning. I found myself before, kind of having my destiny in other people's hands, and now it's a new spirit.
2. Sean (2/13): Now that myself, Kathy, V, Pappy and Neleh got together, we just said, “You know what? Truly may the best man win, with no alliance.”
3. Paschal (1/8): We want the people that play this game fairly, and don't try and manipulate people, to have a good chance to get to the top.
4. Neleh (1/4): This is funny, I mean, to see that we had turned around like that at the last second, and beat them at their own game, I just think it's hilarious, like, I just laugh my head off. (laughs)
5. Tammy (1/9): The mood is very, very happy among those five people. I mean, they're all very, uh... they're happy. The, you know, they're sitting pretty, they've got five of them.
6. Tammy (2/9): I think that myself, Rob and Zoe all have targets on our back, um, because of the alliance, and unless something changes in the next few days, because I'm seen as the quote/unquote leader after John, I'm the next to go.
7. Tammy (3/9): My allegiance is to Zoe and Rob at this point. I really don't know what game Zoe is playing. I wanted to see how strong our alliance was. I just told Zoe, I said, “You know, I'm glad that, you know, we were on a team for a while...”
8. Tammy (4/9): Zoe tried to say that she wasn't in an alliance with John, Rob and myself. And you know what? That's just not true.
9. Tammy (5/9): I have changed my opinion of Zoe. Zoe is a bitch. I mean, she's just trying to save her own butt right now. Maybe her true colors will start to, you know, shine through and somebody will figure out who she is and want to vote her off instead of me. (shrugs)
10. Zoe (1/3): I'm distancing myself from Tammy at this point. I'm here to win. I'm here to be the final Survivor, and if I had to say something to someone and do something exactly the opposite without them knowing or them finding out later, well, that's just the way it is. That's the way life is.
11. Vecepia (1/1): Sean and Paschal won a helicopter ride and awaiting them will be a Marquesan feast. And I'm happy for him. Sean deserved it. After all of the mess that some of these people in the Rotu tribe put him through, he was down, but he was never out.
12. Sean (3/13): Pappy and I are standing like, okay. All of a sudden these Marquesan men come down the hill with these horses.
13. Sean (4/13): The only horses I've been on are merry-go-rounds in Central Park. And it was a bit scary, 'cause these are huge, you know, horses are big animals. If they decide they want to throw you off, you're on the ground with broken bones.
14. Sean (5/13): And the last thing you want to see is two horses, or the horses like biting each other and just... (neighs) and just... But the Marquesan men seem to have them under control, and I'm like, “No, this is not gonna work.”
15. Sean (6/13): You gotta remember, we're not on flat land, we're on like a mountain cliff. So if you fall off, you're falling off the damn mountain with a horse on.
16. Paschal (2/8): It was a long ride for some of us not used to horses, but Sean began to loosen up and began singing after they made some different arrangements.
17. Sean (7/13): We get to the beach and these two beautiful, although young, uh, Marquesan women lead us to these-- these two beach chairs with these huge pillows with these two huge coconut drinks.
18. Paschal (3/8): Two days ago, I would have mortgaged my house on the fact that Sean was going to be voted off. But things have dramatically changed. Sean, while he may have some problems, he's honest. He's straightforward. That's all I can ask. We became much closer than we were, and I feel very close to him. I feel very fortunate to know him. That's what's good about this game, you never know what's going to happen.
19. Sean (8/13): After we finished our drinks they took us to the Marquesan oven. There's a ceremony where they bury food for a certain amount of days and that's how they cook their food, underground, with the heat and the, uh, volcanic rocks. And there was a roasted pig under there with plantains and potatoes and roasted goat.
20. Paschal (4/8): The Marquesan people, when they were going through their tribal ritual, I don't know how to put it in words, for me to-to be here on this island in the South Pacific, with all the history it has, you just have to sit down and comprehend and savor the moment, because this is not going to happen again probably in my lifetime.
21. Sean (9/13): After having a diet of nothing but taro root and troca shellfish, to have this stuff-- unbelievable. I mean, we should have paced ourselves a little more, but we... (gestures eating rapidly)
22. Paschal (5/8): While Sean and I were at the feast, the rest of the tribe was probably, you know, fixing their dinner, getting things ready, the same old crap we've been eating.
23. Sean (10/13): I didn't feel bad for the others because Pappy and I were smuggling food for them. We had one napkin underneath the table and one hand, even though all eyes were on us, we had a move where maybe I'd block for him and we'd drop all kind of stuff and then ball it up in our napkin, and stuff it in our pockets.
24. Paschal (6/8): Sean and I were brought out into a circle where they danced around us and asked us to dance with them. But what really made it funny, we had stuffed all kind of food in our pockets before then to bring back to camp, and I promise you my pants were at my knees most of the dance because the weight of the food was causing my pants to fall down. We looked at each other, two guys from different walks of life, 10,000 miles away from home, in paradise, and said, “You know? This is incredible. I will never hear another tribal drum beat that I won't think about that day, and bring a smile to my face.”
25. Sean (11/13): These Marquesan people, you could tell that the ritual and the dances they were doing were authentic, and you could tell that the love they gave us was real. Whether we got voted off first, or 9th or 16th. It felt good to get away from the island and not think about the game and just remember what it's like to be a human being. 	 	
26. Sean (12/13): We did miss our island family. When we came back, the welcome we received was awesome, it was nothing but hugs and kisses. I think they were happy to see us and once we told them we had food, it was on. We took out the food, put it out. I mean, they looked like roaches around the table.
27. Sean (13/13): Even though they may be the same people who vote you off, there's a human side that you do realize, and it was exciting coming back bringing food for the tribe, because the best victories are the ones you can share.
28. Tammy (6/9): This morning, I felt desperate. I felt absolutely desperate. I was not ready to leave the game. I talked to Rob this morning and I said, “Rob, basically the only chance we've got is to see if we can get Paschal and Neleh on our side.” I don't know if it's going to happen, but, I said, “That's the only chance we have to stay in the game.”
29. Paschal (7/8): Neleh and I were approached by Rob and Tammy, and wanted to talk about how the game has unraveled. It was like a final gasp. "We really weren't in with John. We didn't know what John was doing,” uh, “He didn't speak for us." And it was just... it wasn't sincere and it just didn't make sense.
30. Robert (1/4): Paschal and Neleh, obviously don't believe everything that we're saying. Well, I've never lied and they know that. I've never lied to them since Day 1.
31. Robert (2/4): If this is what they choose, if Neleh and Paschal choose to have Sean or V standing next to them, I'm not going to stand there and beg for anything. It-it seemed a little personal to me and it... it kind of hurt. You know, I said what I had to say and that's it. That's the end of my business with them.
32. Neleh (2/4): Rob got up and walked away because, I guess, he feels that we don't trust him and that we trust V and Sean more than we would them and blah, blah, blah. And I think pretty much he just got caught in his own game and so now he's just trying to manipulate us a little bit, and we're definitely not falling for it. Rob is definitely pouting right now. I mean, maybe he just needs time to think, I don't know, but he's definitely having a real bad attitude.
33. Robert (3/4): People don't like that I'm a little grumpy, hey, I don't give a (expletive censor) ass what you like. This, uh... this is me. You don't like it, I could care less. You still got to live with me for a couple of days. And if I win immunity, you're going to have to live with me for longer than that.
34. Zoe (2/3): The General, eh, to me, is a bull in a china shop. He's hard to deal with. He does things only when he wants. For me, I've had enough of him and Tammy.
35. Zoe (3/3): To put it blunt, I have no intention of sticking with Tammy and Rob. They weren't people that I trusted from the get-go. I guess you would say I'm letting people know in little ways that I've-- I'm no longer part of any alliance, that I-I'm kind of off on my own. So I ended up making some shell jewelry just so everybody had something. I'm still working on a few, trying to fit in here.
36. Tammy (7/9): Zoe is sucking up and making everybody jewelry, because she wants to be their friend and she wants them to like her and she thinks that by them liking her, she's not going to get voted out. But you know, the thing is, it's funny, because when Zoe sits there and does these sucking up things, and it's so fake, and it's so apparent that she's being fake, I just don't understand how it's not apparent to everybody else.
37. Neleh (3/4): Um, Tree Mail for the Immunity Challenge we got some stilts. I'm not sure what it's going to be like tomorrow, so we're just going to practice and hope it goes good.
38. Tammy (8/9): You know what? It was fun watching everybody practice on those stilts, because they sucked. It didn't look like they were going to get the hang of it. The challenge is going to make or break me. Basically, I have to win, or I'll get the boot tonight. I actually went down to the beach like far away where nobody could see me practice.
39. Tammy (9/9): But I'm not out of it. Not yet. Not until I hear my name read at Tribal Council.
40. Paschal (8/8): I think the foregone conclusion was that Tammy would be voted out, and of course Tammy, since she's won immunity, she can't receive any votes. So, you know, the consideration I think is going to be Rob or Zoe.
41. Neleh (4/4): You know, between Zoe and Rob, Zoe's just been a hard worker from Day 1. I know we need to get rid of her because her chance of winning immunity over Rob is a lot bigger. But the way Rob's kind of been lately, just kind of down and depressed, that maybe it will work out better that he leaves tonight. His attitude has just been horrible, nobody wants to be around him anymore.
42. Robert (4/4): I could care less if I'm the next person to go, 'cause I know I'll be here to the end on the jury anyway. I can accept my fate, as long as everybody else can accept their fate when I make my decision in the jury.
1. Sean (1/9): We're all one big family, man, we spoon, we snuggle, but it's strictly for keeping warm. I mean, the whole love tribe aspect of this game has been a fallacy to a certain point. Let's call ourselves the love tribe when this game is over, like, will you really call me? Will I really call you? I think there are certain people who genuinely are affectionate and feel family vibes. But in the context of a game where people are trying to position themselves, can a love tribe truly exist?
2. Neleh (1/6): You know, in celebration of V's birthday, we cut open the last two bananas and mango. Made her a little candle and sang to her this morning, 'cause we knew that was going to be the best meal of the day, so... (laughs)
3. Sean (2/9): V's birthday was pretty subdued, but as much as I could, I kept trying to make her feel a little bit special, being that, you know, she's not with her husband and her family.
4. Paschal (1/7): I feel like we're all like used spark plugs, because I'm telling you it's a very, very difficult time for me food wise and just from the energy perspective.
5. Sean (3/9): We don't really have much choice in our dinner, lunch and breakfast menus. It's pretty much troca, taro and definitely coconut.
6. Tammy (1/5): You know, we tried in the beginning, everybody's been out there, trying to catch something. And even though we talk about it, I think our energy wanes as the days go on, and the odds of us actually catching a fish are unfortunately diminishing.
7. Kathy (1/6): There are black tip baby sharks right here, in our front yard. And I'm determined. They swim right under my feet. I'm going to see if I can whack it because they come so close. You can see their little black fins popping out of the water. They're right here. But there's too much wave action here to see them. They're kinda taunting us, it's crazy. They'd be great food.
8. Kathy (2/6): I-I think the sugar food fantasy is making things worse for everybody. They just sort of get people lethargic on a raft, thinking about it and talking about it instead of getting up and taking some action and find new food. It's fun, but at the same time I-I do think the diversion is wrong. I-I don't think it's healthy. So I'm-I'm gonna try and do some different things for food, and also mentally it's just a diversion. It feels better than sitting around talking about sweets.
9. Paschal (2/7): This is without a doubt the worst place I have ever been on Earth. And it's just a constant battle of-of dirt, filth, heat, sand, wind, insects. Everything about it is nasty, dirty, filthy-- it's just pure hell.
10. Vecepia (1/1): No one likes to be away from home on their birthday, of course not. But at that point that was kind of tough. Because I really hadn't thought too much about being away from Leander on my birthday. (voice breaks) So it was a little special and a little sad as well. (holds back tears)
11. Sean (4/9): I can swim to save my life if you give me a short distance, but I don't really feel too comfortable in a whole lot of water.
12. Paschal (3/7): All of a sudden there's this cruise ship, and the closer the ship got, the more excited I got. And I was ready to swim out to it. It's a beautiful sight... all for me. (cracks up)
13. Paschal (4/7): There was no conscious decision; it was automatic spontaneous reaction. She's just the epitome of a young lady that deserves it and it was a wonderful opportunity to enjoy something together.
14. Sean (5/9): Did she deserve as much as anybody else? I mean, to me, it was V's birthday that day. She was feeling a little down, and I-I don't know... had I won I would definitely picked V.
15. Neleh (2/6): We were just beside ourselves with excitement. I've never been on a cruise ship before, and I'd never thought that it would be that beautiful. Here, Pappy and I, are these grubby little rugrats coming on to this really, really nice cruise ship. (laughs) It was just awesome.
16. Paschal (5/7): The ship was just absolutely beautiful. I can imagine how the wealthiest of people on Earth must live, because that's what we were presented with.
17. Neleh (3/6): It was just so weird to see myself for the first time. My hair looked like it was dark brown, just greasy dreadlocks. It was just gross. It just felt so refreshing to have hot water just pouring down your body. I mean, this was like luxury. I put my hair up in this nice fluffy white towel, put lotion all over. I felt like a whole new person. I didn't even feel like I was in the game anymore, to tell you the truth.
18. Neleh (4/6): We went around the corner and there's this one table set up, you know, that had the white linen cloth with like ten pieces of silverware.
19. Kathy (3/6): To see them go off onto that boat and then we came back here to prepare our muscle-y troca shells. That was a tough one. None of us was happy.
20. Neleh (5/6): So the next thing that came out was, oh, what's it called? What-what's the delicacy?
21. Paschal (6/7): I knew what escargot was, but I couldn't envision that snail would taste good.
22. Paschal (7/7): Dessert was the final course and it was, uh, crème brûlée which I've never eaten in my life. I was really looking forward to the bill because I had no idea what something like this would cost, I figured maybe 150 dollars. The bill was 312 dollars. Which of course I didn't flinch because it was not my money. It could have been 3,000 dollars and it wouldn't have mattered to me.
23. Tammy (2/5): We're all sitting on the raft waiting for them to come back. Everybody sitting there wondering, “Do you think they're going to bring food back? Do you think they're going to bring food?”
24. Robert (1/4): The first thing I did was I stuck my face in Neleh's hair... and her hair just smelled fantastic.
25. Kathy (4/6): She was going on a little too much about her shower and how clean she was. She's so damn sweet.
26. Tammy (3/5): The food sounded really good. It kind of sucked listening to them describe it in detail.
27. Sean (6/9): You're offering seven starving adults a piece of candy out of your mouth. Keep your mint candy, man. You might-- you know, that's like saying, “Anybody wanted this piece of doo-doo?”
28. Sean (7/9): The next morning when we wake up, Neleh is still on the clean kick, just kind of being the princess. And has her feet propped up in her new clean clothes, looking at her nails. Who cares if your nails are clean or dirty? I mean, there's chores to be done and there's regular living back going on Soliantu. She's one of those people who cleverly will have the perception that she's working, but I don't really see her carrying jugs. I don't really see her lifting wood, I don't really see her doing the work that she says she's doing. But she's always the first one to go, "I have so much energy! I have..." So I'm like, “I would too, if I wasn't doing anything but taking naps and taking walks and relaxing.”
28. Sean (8/9): I think Neleh has definitely snowed Paschal and everyone else. I think she's playing this game harder than anybody left on this island, and she's playing sweet little girl next door, and before you know it, (imitating Neleh) “Hey, I'm in the finals and I'm so happy,” and, “Oh, God, this is... oh heck!”
29. Kathy (5/6): I think Neleh has 60 to 70% sweetness and about 30 or 40% she's working it. I think it's a little much right now, and she's working it too hard. She genuinely cares for everyone here, but I think she's working it with Paschal. She's really hovering under his wings for protection.
30. Robert (2/4): So I got a pig that comes down into our camp every night. Getting a little tired of him taunting me, so I want to go and, uh, catch that thing and make some pork chops, you know?
31. Tammy (4/5): Rob is building a pig snare. I think because not only he's a little bit frustrated that we haven't caught a pig, but I think Rob wants to secure his place in the tribe. If he doesn't win, you know, the next Immunity Challenge or the following Immunity Challenge, at least if he wins a pig, he can, uh, hold that up and say, "Hey, I'm a valuable member of this tribe. Don't vote me out."
32. Robert (3/4): And again another curve ball. You know, I've been busting my butt all day, you know, chopping wood, making a new pig snare and everything like that and these other people have just been sleeping all day and resting. I wish I knew that. You know, I thought it was a day off. You know, these are big stakes for me, you know? I don't-- I think I don't win, I could go.
34. Robert (4/4): Just won immunity, feeling a little relieved, knowing I'm definitely going to be here another three days. The win was very big for me, just lifted me up and bringing me back to life. I was feeling a little down, and, uh, now I'm feeling really good about myself again. I'm definitely a little bummed that it looks like Tammy is on her way out. She's like a sister to me and I'd really like to see if I could, uh, do something to save her.
35. Kathy (6/6): I think Tammy has a play for tonight. I just don't know what it is. I think it's something that's going to get pulled out of a hat and we're all going to come tumbling down.
36. Tammy (5/5): I'm not used to losing. I'm super competitive. And you know what? I'm not giving up on this game until I hear my name read at Tribal Council.
37. Neleh (6/6): V has definitely flipped more than anybody in this game. Maybe Rob and Tammy could somehow convince Sean and V to join their pact.
38. Sean (9/9): If V and I hooked up with Tammy and Rob, point blank, it would put us in the final four. It's important that V and I vote Neleh off. Because she's so young and because she has this angelic girl next door, everybody is being deceived by “Aww, aww,” and not realizing the more sympathy you have, the stronger this girl gets. It would be a sure bet if V and I hooked up with Tammy and Rob, but then again, it might not be a sure bet, because they may very well go to-to the other force, and, “Look, these two tried to hook up with us and save their own ass,” and then we're on the chopping block.
1. Kathy (1/7): The mood is, there's a lot of anxiety because the time has been very long, and everyone's feeling depleted. We're just depleted energy-wise, you can feel it. And then everybody, just over the past two to three days has been talking about missing home, moms, wives, boyfriends. So it's getting really old. (tearfully) And I was-- I was good about it even up until like I'm here three days ago. And I wake up now and I'm-- I-I-I have no idea, I'm sobbing in the morning under the stars, it's weird. Because I know he's fine. My son is fine. He thinks it's great. You know, his mom is out here in the jungle, trying to do this game. But it's-it's just really uncanny to see what's happening with our mental stability. (wipes away tears)
2. Paschal (1/3): You know, the people in our lives here, are thinking that we're spending 24 hours a day, 7 days a week with some of these people. You pick up a new family, and if you do the math, you're spending probably 900 plus hours with, intense hours, with a-a lot of individuals that you've never known. But by the end of that 900 hours, you know 'em probably better than anybody in your life other than your immediate family, certainly better than your best friends, because if you were with your best friends a couple hours a week, which most of us are because of our jobs won't allow us to do anymore than that, you know, how many years does it take to-to collect 900 hours?
3. Paschal (2/3): It-it's really-- it's really weird to miss home so much and then have this family here and then you're going to go back home where you really want to be, and I know what's going to happen. You know, we're going to miss others.
4. Robert (1/4): I got to think about what I'm doing out here, and, uh, I'm out here to win this game right now, and, uh, I just cannot focus on my family and fall into depression like other people are doing. You know, thinking about their mom, thinking about their wives and husbands and sons and daughters. I got to think about what I'm doing out here and I'm out here to win this game right now and that's it.
5. Kathy (2/7): Having my son here was a true lift, and the love coming out of my heart just having him here.
6. Kathy (3/7): You know, Pat's had some good experiences in life, but he's basically hangs around New England.
9. Kathy (4/7): Patrick and I, we went into the jungle and we were harvesting taro for our dinner.
11. Vecepia (1/2): When I saw Leander for the first time, I wanted to touch him to make sure he was real, and there was so much going on and he was just smiling and looking so... scrumptious. (laughs) Looking so good! And I just, I was just so elated.
12. Paschal (3/3): It was, you know, home being brought to each one of us. I guess it's just human nature. Once you get towards the end of something like this, your intensity of your thoughts of home are really more acute than ever. It's really a wonderful opportunity that I've had to come out here and, you know, I'm 57 years old and for the first time in my life, I have come face-to-face with myself. And, um... some of the things I've seen and reflect on, I'm not real proud about. Uh, how much I take for granted, and, you know, what a wonderful situation I have and a wonderful wife, and... you know, I'm determined when I go back home that a lot of that is going to change. We're the most blessed nation in the world. We just take so much for granted, and it takes, uh, an experience like this to realize what you can really do without, and what really is important in your life. And it's not a fancy car and it's not the number of TVs you have and it's not your bank account and it's not the clothes you wear. It's, it's the people in your life.
13. Vecepia (2/2): Being out here, I've really learned not to take the small things of life for granted. I mean, there are so many times where you buy a loaf of bread and you got three little pieces and the ends left, "Oh, we don't need these," and toss them in the garbage can. To be out here knowing that we are scraping the last bit of food out of a coconut husk makes me realize that going home I need to think twice about what I'm doing.
11. Kathy (5/7): Yeah, I don't want to get depressed out here. So I just use his strength to come back, and come back to this game and just finish it out. You know, “finish what you start,” that's always been my motto to him, so that's my motto to myself, even though it's feeling very peculiar out here, it's stupid. It's crazy, and he kept saying, "How crazy this is, Mom." (laughs) I said, "Yeah, it is crazy... but I'll finish it." (sniffles)
12. Robert (2/4): I'm feeling vulnerable because it seems like, uh, if you look at the way it's going, each member of the jury was part of my old alliance, you know? And it seems like, uh, they're being picked off one by one and I'm the last one left. But this game has so many twists, turns, just when you think you know what's going on, you have no idea what's going on.
13. Sean (1/1): Basically, um, V and I feel like Neleh is riding on Pappy's coattails. I feel like she's been playing the girl next door role, way, way to the next level. (imitating Neleh) "You guys, this is so fantastic that we're here. You know, guys, I just love it when we just sit out here. You know, guys, I'm always feeling like I'm in Disneyland."
14. Kathy (6/7): If I end up in a final three with Paschal and Neleh, they've got such a tight bond, they would vote me out. My other issue is if I'm in the final three with V and Sean, definitely they're going to bond and vote me off. So theoretically, strategically, I should do this, and Rob and I should become a-a unit.
15. Robert (3/4): Anything can happen in this game. After yesterday, you could definitely see, you know, after the Reward Challenge-- seeing, you know, where everybody saw their family-- this game takes you through every mental, emotional and physical high and low there is. So, you know, anything can happen.
16. Robert (4/4): I am feeling vulnerable because of, uh, the past alliance that I had made, and if it comes back to bite me, it comes back to bite me. I will not change my fate by, uh, pleading or begging or, uh, talking to anybody. If they have a mindset that, uh, I'm the next one to vote out, then so be it. I came here with four things, and that was pride, dignity, integrity and a-- and a knapsack. And the only thing that's tattered right now is that knapsack. Everything else is intact. Plus an added extra bonus of the relationships and friendships that I have made here.
17. Kathy (7/7): Uh, things have changed. My motivation and... and direction has changed. You know, Rob voted against us. When he had the alliance with Tammy and John, we were on the chopping block. So it's now Rob's turn to get chopped. But Paschal and Neleh, they need to be severed. That unit needs to be severed, because they're acting as a twosome, and I was the odd man out, and Paschal and Neleh will totally understand that.
18. Neleh (1/1): I could be the next one going out tonight if V and Sean and Rob and Kathy decided to join a four alliance together and boot me and Paschal out. I mean, there's still a lot of ways the game could twist, you never know what's going to happen.
1. Sean (1/6): At this point, people just want to eat, get through another day, count them down, win some immunities and then see where the cards lay. The next few days, depending on the immunities with five people, I can give you ten different combinations of what could happen, and I'm not going to sit here and do that because that takes too much energy to strategize.
2. Vecepia (1/3): The perception was always that Kathy was the swing vote because people were just continuously linking Sean and I, and then linking Paschal and Neleh. And so-- and then obviously, Kathy being the fifth person just saying that, "Well, who's going to get her to sway their way?" But I truly do not believe race is an issue on this beach.
3. Kathy (1/7): V may have mentioned that I am definitely a swing vote. It's gonna look big, you know, playing the race card of it. I actually hadn't thought about that until V said that. (chuckles)
4. Neleh (1/3): To come out here and be stuck on an island with five people who are talking and backstabbing, that's really tough. V took Kathy aside and had her little discussion with her, and, you know, the whole race thing just is just ridiculous. It's never ever played a part in this game. Every once in a while they'll just throw in something like, "Well, you know, it's two-- us two African Americans against, you know, you two, and then Kathy is a swing vote." That made me really irritated.
5. Paschal (1/5): If V is coming to Kathy and suggesting to Kathy that this is a race thing, oh, right here at the end? I think V is really foolish to believe that Kathy is going to allow herself to be put in that spot. I mean, that's just sickening.
6. Kathy (2/7): I don't want to be cast like the swing player that made the wrong swing move. Every minute I'm trying to figure out this game and the best way to play it. I'm still looking out for myself.
7. Paschal (2/5): Well, we got Tree Mail that was written on a pair of stilts, and it basically said that we'd done whatever we're going to do before, whatever that means. I can never figure 'em out, so I'll just wait and see. When Jeff tells us, that's when I'll know.
8. Sean (2/6): The car is great. It's a new car with no car payments. I-I... I'm blessed, man. I can't ask for anything better. First of all, it was winning and overcoming the feeling of being fatigued and tired. All those kids in the inner cities, for everybody who feels like they can look at me and feel represented, this was for them.
9. Paschal (3/5): Physically, I'm a wreck. I felt like I was quite capable of dealing with anything that was thrown my way, but the last two or three days have been a real struggle for all of us. You know, we don't get any protein. We're not getting much carbohydrates. We're not getting much of anything. Our bodies have just been taking a pounding and it's really beginning to take an effect on me.
10. Sean (3/6): We're not really all in our right frame of mind right now, you know, we're like holding on, literally. After almost five or six weeks of having diarrhea, having to dig holes to take a crap, after doing challenge after challenge and dealing with mental games and people lying to you and sleeping in dirt. You get to a point where you-you don't know which way is up. But I think Pappy, he's more lethargic and tired than anybody.
11. Kathy (3/7): Not only am I depleted physically, but I'm depleted mentally, and that's why Paschal right now is cashing out. He's just hibernating. He's not going to do any major twists and turns because it's just... it's too much.
12. Kathy (4/7): Finding troca is-is more than just troca. It is beautiful to get away from this beach and in that serene South Pacific waters. It's warm. It's like a bathtub. But I'm trying to bring people out there to teach them; to go out there are get that troca. Because I don't want to be the sole provider and work and work and work. It's tiring. Sean's out here with his first troca discovery. It's taken a lot to get him out here, I'm a little disappointed, but he's a city kid. So, I'm glad I finally got him out here.
13. Sean (4/6): I caught my first troca today. You know, they hang onto the rocks. They like suction. You just got to pull them off, but the scary thing is that the rocks are slippery as you're walking, and you know, I'm not a ocean guy, you know, and there's black-tipped sharks out here and all kinds of sea urchins. So you got to be careful. So, I got about five or ten. You know, that's pretty good for a brother from uptown, you know?
14. Vecepia (2/3): Today I just noticed that Paschal was a little down throughout the day, and he said that he felt that people were thinking that him and Neleh have some type of agreement, you know, outside of the five of us making an agreement. So I said, “I think it's best to-to clear the air.”
15. Vecepia (3/3): Tonight, at some point, we'll all sit down. We'll allow Paschal to clear the air. It's best to try to get as much of it out in the open as we can than to sit here and have it linger. I-I'd hate for all of us go to bed still feeling uncomfortable.
16. Neleh (2/3): It's very clear that Sean and V are very, very tight together, whether they want to call it alliance. I think the only difference is that, you know, Paschal and I have been honest about saying, up front, you know, we formed a great relationship. Sean and V are kind of skipping around the table saying, "Yeah, we have a strong relationship, but it doesn't necessarily mean that I won't vote each other out."
17. Sean (5/6): I felt like the-the conversation was sidetracked when Neleh tried to, uh, interject that there's something going on with V and myself, and I had to tell her just because V and I are African Americans, we share a bond that you won't really be able to understand. Does that mean we're an automatic alliance? No. Because a few times V has slipped the script on me and let me down.
18. Neleh (3/3): You know, last night was pretty intense at the fire. Everybody had a lot to say. Things got pretty hyped, and I'm definitely feeling vulnerable. I just hope Kathy, you know, doesn't fall for what Sean and V are kind of playing out on the table.
19. Paschal (4/5): Both Vecepia and Sean, they've been just basically skating for 33 days, and not really contributing their part until right here at the end. Um, we got that from the people they were with at the other camp, plus we were told the same thing when we got back here about the other members of the tribe that were-- that was here. And, plus, the conversation we had last night around the fire really got heated, and Sean, you know, he got quite emotional, quite loud, and-and that just turned us all off.
20. Paschal (5/5): V and Sean, they're trying to make Kathy feel like she's a swing vote. I mean, they've got an agenda, and I don't give a damn about their agenda. And I'm just kind of fed up about hearing their crap about, you know, them not being an alliance. Kathy's, you know, she's from Vermont. I'm from Georgia. And Sean's from Harlem. This thing runs deeper than a game. I'm not willing to capitulate, and, you know, I'm going to dig in, uh, to heck with them. If they're lying and deceiving me, then first opportunity I get to vote one of them off, they're out of here.
21. Kathy (5/7): Tensions are way too high. Paschal thinks that Sean and, uh, V are definitely up to something from Day 1. So I thought I'd fly my kite. And it's too gusty. It's not consistent wind. I think if I go to the final three with Paschal and Neleh, I will invariably get voted out. So I've been trying to figure out how I can get to the final two, and I think Sean or V is an answer.
22. Sean (6/6): I think what Kathy is feeling what we're saying. She didn't really like the fact that Pappy and Neleh had that so-called alliance. So... maybe we're leaning towards getting rid of Neleh and Pap.
23. Kathy (6/7): It's a wide-open game, no doubt about it, and I think the Immunity Challenges are going to really swing it. Because they're not physical, anybody can win.
24. Kathy (7/7): I am the core fifth player. I got two people on either side of me. Paschal and Neleh are on one side. Paschal and Neleh and I have been together from the get-go. Paschal and Neleh have already told themselves many moons ago that they'll never vote against each other, so that's a dilemma for me. But my other two people, Sean and V, are also original tribe members from the get-go. They're telling me they don't have a strong bond, and yet they're both Afro-American and I know that's very important in their culture to stick together. So I got Sean and V, I got Paschal and Neleh. I got all these different issues weighing back and forth, and I have to make a decision which way to go.
1. Kathy (1/6): I'm not okay with that vote, forget it. (shakes head) No, didn't like it. Too much pressure. Don't know if I did the right thing. Don't know if I made the right decision for myself. So, it was a very odd situation. I hated it. I will not know if I made the right decision last night until a few days from now.
2. Paschal (1/4): This is, uh, I think Day 37. Two days left. Yeah, we're right at the end. We're all ready. Feel good mentally. Physically, I feel not as good. Maybe it's a combination of my age and, uh, I never did look real good but I look probably worse than I've ever looked in my life right now.
3. Kathy (2/6): You know, we're all just sick of being here. So, to avoid the monotony and boredom, you know, you literally have to shut down and go, stop thinking about the bugs and that you're locked down here and that you're so uncomfortable and hungry and tired. You gotta stop thinking about it.
4. Neleh (1/8): It wasn't until, you know, the last ten days of being out here that I really felt super, super close to Kathy, like-- and I just trust her 100% now, you know? I mean, she totally saved me yesterday. You know, if she would've went with Sean and V, I would've been voted off last night.
5. Vecepia (1/13): Had about enough of these people, you know? Love them, but I've had enough of them. (chuckles) I am the only one that has to work at this because basically, if I win the immunity tonight then I'll be here another night. If I don't win immunity tonight, I've probably be the one to go. So, I am the only one that has to work for the next two or three days, and I will work. (shrugs) ? “Work, work.” ?
6. Paschal (2/4): I suspect the Immunity Challenge is going to be something having to do with the personalities involved in this game, you know, where they're from, what they do, what their dreams are?
7. Paschal (3/4): My voting options if V wins immunity is either vote for Kathy or vote for Neleh. So to keep that from even being remotely possible I suggested to everybody compare notes because I thought it was fair. Some of us haven't been with the others. As a matter of fact, I think V may be the only one that's been with everybody.
8. Vecepia (2/13): I'm not gonna sit there and try to compare notes with those guys. This immunity is too important for me. I know where Patricia is from, but that's why I said, “I think it starts with a L.” I know exactly where she's from. One of the goals that I had while I was here was to develop a relationship with everyone and know as much as I can about them.
9. Vecepia (3/13): The good thing about it is that a lot of the stuff I wrote down in my little book.
10. Kathy (3/6): If it's a question and answer situation I think it'll be easier and I-I'm pretty good-- I'm-I'm pretty good about it and now-now I'm just weighing how good V is.
11. Vecepia (4/13): Kathy may be a little worried right now. She put herself in a very awkward position. I mean, she got saved last night but then tonight, either myself or her have to win immunity in order not to go home.
12. Paschal (4/4): I feel great about going to Tribal Council. I feel really good about the possibility of winning immunity if it's what I think it is. This immunity is key because whoever gets immunity, they're going to be in the final three.
13. Vecepia (5/13): I'm gonna go in there and I'm gonna play the best immunity game that I can. If I don't win it, I know I'm outta here... and so be it.
14. Vecepia (6/13): Putting the outrigger canoe together was quite easy. Myself, and Kathy are-are pretty good knot-tiers. We kind of like just stepped up, put that outrigger canoe together like the chicks that we are and Neleh just went ahead and got-- prepared the water, got the canteens ready. So, we women working together, those heads worked pretty damn good together, I should say so.
15. Kathy (4/6): I can't find the words yet what it's like to be on that beach for that long. Paddling away from it and we knew something was ahead of us that was going to be probably challenging but also really good, it felt great! It was exhilarating, it was fun, it was a sense of release and power.
16. Neleh (2/8): Uh, my tattoos mean a ton of stuff. To start over on this hand (shows left hand) these are the names of like, my family 'cause they are by far the most important thing in the-- this entire world to me. My leg, of course, this is my original Rotu tribe that I started out with and I put “Love” just because I seriously love every single person I've met out here and I love the experience that I've been able to have.
17. Kathy (5/6): I have sixteen of the tribe's members on my leg... dancing. Waterfall... 'cause it gave me so much strength during the hard times. The sun showering down upon us into a little love fest.
18. Vecepia (7/13): I saw the tattooing as an opportunity for me to reflect personally on my own odyssey. This was supposed to be sixteen people representing fire. Each one has the person's name and the number in which they have been voted off. Peter one, Patricia two, Hunter and it stops at number thirteen which was Paschal English.
19. Neleh (3/8): Right now, I mean, there's a lot of arrogance in the air, you know, between V and Kathy. It's been kind of annoying today, to tell you the truth. I mean, you know, sitting over there on the-- on the mat finishing up my tattooing and hearing, you know, her tell Kathy, “Oh, if I would've, you know, how to make it to the two I'd definitely knew that it was going to be you and all this drama.” It's like throwing it in your face which I don't think is very good sportsmanship.
20. Vecepia (8/13): We got off the regimen hike to an area of purification. Apparently, the Marquesan's do some type of baptism or ritual with magnolia oils, ginger and God knows what else. So being that this was the-- really the last rite, in a way, of us being here we took a moment of prayer to recall our journey from the beginning of the day.
21. Kathy (6/6): It's just amazing that a meek 21 year old, a very very deep thinking religious individual, and then a business person like myself... here on the final three we are. Three... the Three... I don't know if it's Chicks, I don't think that's the right word, but I find it amazing.
22. Vecepia (9/13): As we were finishing up with purification, we knew that we would have to change mode from enjoyment and remembrance to challenge and compete. We knew that the next step would be last for somebody and the enjoyment of the day was over with.
23. Neleh (4/8): Kathy and V made that pact last night saying, you know, “If one of us wins immunity we're bringing each other to the top together.” I have to fight for my life, you know?! I want the million dollars more than anything out here and so, I'm not going to go down without giving it definitely my best shot.
24. Neleh (5/8): You know what? When V said, “I'll give you immunity and then you take me to the final two with you,” I was planning on bringing V to the final two with me anyways. And so it was, like, no big deal. I know I have a better shot up against V in the final two than I would Kathy. And whatever deal her and Kathy made was between her because I was not a part of that and I felt good about it.
25. Vecepia (10/13): The reason why I offered Neleh the immunity was for several reasons. I took the risk because once Kathy slipped I knew that her and I would probably be batt-- battling for a long time.
26. Vecepia (11/13): I was just assuming to make it to the final two with Kathy because I know Kathy had some situations with some people in her old tribe, but then when I turned it around I also know that there are a lot of people that felt that Neleh has been riding coattails and that she's not deserving of being in the position that she's in. And looking at both scenarios, I knew that my best shot was to make it to the final two with Neleh. In every game sometimes you have to make a move that you really don't want to but in order to keep the upper-hand, you may have to. I myself, I think that's okay. I asked the Lord for forgiveness. So being a Christian, we know we have that ability to go to our Father and say, “Lord, this is what I did. I know you saw this. Please, forgive me and I will go to my brother and ask them...” after it's over with, “...and ask them for forgiveness as well.”
27. Vecepia (12/13): We were just amazed that kilon pig gravitated closer and closer to the homestead. Then we noticed a couple of feet from him two or three chickens. We weren't even thinking about trying to run after 'em and try to catch 'em. It was good to see the pig for the last time, it was great to see the chickens for the last time, and it was great to get up and cook popcorn for the last time.
28. Neleh (6/8): I mean, I'm gonna miss this place. I'm gonna miss the beach and the sand and, you know, I am going to miss the people that I, you know, became really close to out here.
29. Neleh (7/8): This place is beautiful but being out here for 39 days, I'm definitely ready to leave it all behind. You know, we started us a little bonfire and burned people's clothes that they didn't want anymore and it just felt good. It helped to pass the time and I'm not returning to this beach tonight 'cause everything is going to be burned up. Going to Tribal Council tonight is a huge thing. The power is no longer within us, you know, to be able to vote each other off. The power is totally in the jury. Um, they are the one's that are going to make the ultimate decision tonight and who wins the million dollars.
30. Vecepia (13/13): I hope that the jury will look at the way I played this game as very strategic, extremely deciseful, in some parts deceiving but when you look at some of the deceptive parts, they have put me in line to get to where I am and it was a great strategy.
31. Neleh (8/8): I would think about this all day, you know, who's going to vote for me tonight? And all I can do is just say what I, you know, feel. I really think I have great relationships with everybody. I hope they'll look at me and know that I've been upfront and honest and hopefully that'll work towards my advantage.
