1. Heidi (1/7): When Jeff called the fifth girl I knew it like, instantly, this is an all women tribe.
2. Deena (1/6): I was absolutely just overjoyed it was an all female tribe. It's an all chick thing, we can let our hair down, we can pee in front of each other. I'm on an equal playing field because I have seven other people of the same sex.
3. Roger (1/5): It's gonna be the men against the women but they don't have the strength. They may have the will, but, you know, and this is a forbidden place, it's pathetic.
4. Daniel (1/2): All the guys were really pumped up. There was no way that women are going to beat us in anything... physical, mentally or-or whatever. And we're never going to go to Tribal Council.
5. Jenna (1/9): They're so freakin' cocky. And they're like, “Oh, we're never going to go to Tribal Council,” and... ugh! It's just so annoying. (scoffs) I just want to beat them to just kind of like, shut them up.
6. Shawna (1/3): I just got up there and my brain was so jumpy that I just couldn't even untie our boat.
7. Shawna (2/3): And I just felt so stupid. The guys going off one way, the girls couldn't untie-- well, I couldn't untie the knot.
8. Ryan (1/4): All the strategy I had, it was taken and thrown all out the window. And it sucks when you have a game plan that you, like, know that'll work. And now it's like, I got eight guys and it's all one big sausage fest... (chuckles) you know?
9. Jenna (2/9): Stranded in the jungle with seven other women is my worst nightmare. If you're in a tribe with all women you can't use any of your womanly powers on women-- they can care less, they find that insulting. With men, it's just-- you can manipulate them better.
10. Dave (1/4): The minute we saw our flag we beelined it right to the shore. You know, I think we were all excited, uh, to keep going, get start building a shelter, start getting fire.
11. Ryan (2/4): Bottom line is, lot of girls over there are eye-candy and that-- and that's great to look at, I appreciate look at 'em. Thank you for wearing bikinis but when it comes down to it, I mean, it's-- you want people that are gonna be useful. Our butts are on the stove right now. If we lose to the girls, I mean, it's gonna be rough. It's gonna be really rough.
12. Roger (2/5): We open the box and lo and behold, in the box there's the five gallons of fresh water, there were fish hooks, there was kerosene, two lanterns, there was a flint...
13. Alex (1/4): We have a mystery box. We have a box that had a note on it that said... (Alex is shown reading note to tribe) So, I don't know what that means. Um, but so we... (mumbles) we don't know what's in the mystery box yet. We got a big thing of manioc flour and that stuff is actually got some pretty good nutritional values and lots of carbohydrates and then can keep us going for-- and we got a huge thing of it.
14. Heidi (2/7): We were paddling away and, uh, we finally see the yellow flag. I was so excited, so excited.
15. Janet (1/4): Christy has a hearing disability. It took us by surprise but she just asked us to look at her and speak slowly so she can read our lips.
16. Christy (1/5): I kind of told them at the wrong time but I needed to get it off my chest. I-I just couldn't like, keep in any longer.
17. Jenna (3/9): I'm just wondering how she's gonna be able to work with the group when she can't really hear well. I don't know how it's gonna work out, I really don't.
18. Rob (1/12): Maybe you'd think you meet a guy named Butch from Illinois that's a redneck, you think he's not that sharp a guy but he is. I like Butch lot.
19. Alex (2/4): We found a great spot. We found a pretty, you know, relatively level spot on a little bit higher ground.
20. Alex (3/4): And actually, there's a little bit of a slope to us-- to where we are so the water won't-won't puddle up where we are.
21. Dave (2/4): Making a fire was-was a piece of cake and-and the reason being is that there's kerosene in the-- in the lamps. We were also given some flint with the-- with the machetes and had no problems making fire.
22. Shawna (3/3): The fire was an absolute fiasco. The process was get the little fire going, put on some leaves, some other small stuff, put on little sticks, put on bigger stuff, put on big logs. None of this happened, it was ridiculous. Honestly, it's lack of fire-building skills on our part.
23. Heidi (3/7): Deena, she definitely has more of a bossy side to her. Like, if six of us come up with a good idea she would be the one to say, “I don't think that'll work. We better do something else.”
24. Dave (3/4): Butch has a fantastic Luxury Item. It's a fabulous motto, you know? It's something to-to really think about.
25. Rob (2/12): I think as a whole, we've gotten along very well but I think that the women are gotta be having a very difficult time. And especially if they're not gonna catch any fish. We've got expert fishermen out there and we haven't caught anything yet. But I don't think any of them had any idea that they'd be doing this on estrogen alone over there in... in, uh, “Camp of the Vagina Monologue.”
26. Deena (2/6): It took us five or six hours to get the fire really going and by the time it got pitch black we'd really only cut four logs. So we all sat there in front of the fire, which was now starting to grow a little bit larger and people were a little bit more comfortable. We'd lighted the kerosene so that it wouldn't be quite so dark out there.
27. Deena (3/6): We huddled as close to the fire as we could and we decided that we were gonna watch the fire in shifts that night but all we did was a-a major bagfest on the boy team for most of the night.
28. Christy (2/5): As soon as it gets dark, that's where my whole communication just shuts down because I can't see, can't read their lips. And it's like, God, of course I'm in a group with girls who like to talk, and talk, and talk, and talk, you know, so it's like... (expletive censor) So I'm missing out on a lot of the information. I'll try to be with them but I can never be like them because I'm not (tearfully) and I'm always, totally different. I always have been. It's okay, it's okay, it happens every time. It just like I'm at a big disadvantage.
29. Jenna (4/9): The Amazon women tribe is not doing very well. We slept on the ground, which is like the number one rule not to do in the jungle. And it was awful. We had bugs crawling all over us. Something was always biting you or crawling down your pants or crawling in your hair.
30. Janet (2/4): There was leeches, big spiders... and we all got bit.
31. Jenna (5/9): We found a tarantula that morning. It fell on someone that night so obviously, it probably climbed over all of us.
32. Christy (3/5): We're sleeping on the ground. Well, I don't know... (laughs) Makes you wonder what went in your mouth.
33. Deena (4/6): I think all of us realized that it was cold, wet, miserable, and uncomfortable, and there's bugs so first and foremost, we needed to get a shelter.
34. Christy (4/5): And everyone kind of started have this like, mission or whatever and I was like, “Man, what's going on? What the hell? I'll watch the fire.” And at the same time I was like, “Well, doesn't anybody care that I'm the only one out here?,” you know?
35. Heidi (4/7): I haven't really bonded with Christy just because of the communication barrier. If you can't understand all the people around you, it's hard to make that communication. So that-that is definitely more of a liability right now.
36. Christy (5/5): It's not like this is new to me. This is what a deaf person has to go through each and every day... it's totally cool. But I don't want it to be an issue every day 'cause if it becomes an issue every day then they're gonna be like, “Eww, why do we need this person?,” you know? So I'm just still like, trying to figure out how to work with these women. (laughs)
37. Rob (3/12): Roger definitely is very bossy. You know, when we were building the shelter he's telling people and especially telling kids, which is mostly his tribe, uh, you know, telling them, “Go... go do this, go do that.” I know how to play this game, I said, “Yes, Roger. Yes, Roger. Sure, Roger.” I just go-go and do it but, uh, I mean, he doesn't-- it doesn't bother me too much.
38. Roger (3/5): This kid Ryan and the kid, uh, Daniel, uh, they're just not contributing. You ask them to do stuff and they just-- they're talking to each other and they're just floating around. Then building the shelter-- these guys, we asked them to go out and get some vines and the it's just like, pulling... pulling teeth! They're just useless. They're digging their own grave... they've already done it.
39. Alex (4/4): We built an interesting-- we-we're calling it, um, our post-modern survival-- for survival shelter. It's not perfect square. We got a little trapezoid action going and some different planes. It's going to be interes-- it's going to be very nice. I think I'm really relatively sure Home & Gardens is going to come and shoot us later. (laughs)
40. Rob (4/12): I don't see the women working well together. I know that their shelter is not gonna be as good as ours. I see them all crying and panicking, trying to build a cell-- uh, build a cellphone so they can call their boyfriends to come over and help them build-build the shelter. Outside of that, I'm sure they got maybe three sticks together.
41. Jeanne (1/5): I thought we'd be more focused. I thought someone would take the leadership role. But we looked disorganized and we're not functioning well. And considering the group we have, it's embarrassing, I think. Downright embarrassing. Everyone's dehydrated. No one went to the bathroom yesterday. People are getting-- start getting down.
42. Jenna (6/9): The flies are swarming us because we stink so we boiled our tops, we boiled underwear that wasn't clean. Underwear needs to be cleansed. I figure-- I think it's a part of me because of-- it's, you know-- it's-- things can live on you, especially in that area 'cause it's dark. (chuckles)
43. Deena (5/6): We're having a difficult time getting our tasks in order, completing them and moving on to the next project. It's a “I'm kind of feeling like I need to wash my buff now” so we wash the buffs. I'm thinking shelter.
44. Jenna (7/9): Me, and Heidi, and Janet went fishing using the net and Janet, she's very sick. She's not doing well at all.
45. Jenna (8/9): She just kind of did nothing. She just kind of sat there on the boat and just-- since she didn't want to paddle out far because she didn't want to have to paddle far back. It's just-- it's-it's like up and down. I mean, she's mostly down and that's probably really going to hurt her. If we lose the challenge, she-she might go.
46. Janet (3/4): I've hit rock-bottom today. You know, we went out to fish or whatever, which is, I mean, it's not, you know, were not successful at it. Yeah, the toughest part about this whole experience I didn't realize how tough it was physically. I think that it's brutal, downright brutal and I didn't plan on that. I mean, I planned on it being difficult but not brutal. This is incredible.
47. Janet (4/4): Right now I feel like I can throw up at any moment. I-I'm just spent. I'm physically-- I don't think I've ever been this physically exhausted.
48. Rob (5/12): My Luxury Item was the Magic 8 Ball. The Magic 8 Ball is a really good thing to have out here. Well, one thing that you may or may not know is that it really works. I told the tribe there was only one rule with the Magic 8 Ball and that was that they cannot ask it whether we would win or lose challenges.
49. Rob (6/12): We asked it a bunch of different things. A lot of the-the talk around the tribe is centered around the girls tribe. Basically, uh, three girls in the girls tribe: Shawna, Jenna and Heidi.
50. Roger (4/5): This whole macho thing, you know, to-to listen to these young guys, I mean, all the talk about is women... you know, how good they're looking. And they're talking-- these young guys especially. The juices flow and-and you-you-you-- that's the way it is. That's, you know, boys from fifteen on that's all we think about.
51. Rob (7/12): That girl Heidi... she's so hot. She can put Viagra out of business. There are spirits in this jungle and through the magic of the Magic 8 Ball, I can channel and harness those spirits.
52. Jeanne (2/5): Joanna and I went on a little fishing expedition this morning. We have a net. We placed it, um, in the little stream that we have here with intentions of catching some big fish. The only thing we found was some bait. It was like, really hard shell horn pout. It had sharpy spines all over it.
53. Jeanne (3/5): We caught some bait in the net and then we chopped it up, we put it on our fishing poles.
54. Jeanne (4/5): We decided to go out into the water that's a little deeper.
55. Jeanne (5/5): Joanna got me a little motivated for today through her gospel music. She's just got this spirit about her that's-- I think it's great and I think everyone feels it.
56. Joanna (1/1): We did catch a little fish and he was about this (shows index finger) big. (chuckles) And we were proud.
57. Heidi (5/7): Jeanne and Joanna brought back the miniature sized fish. I was pretty sure that after you gutted the thing there would've been-- there's just nothing even left but we said, “Hey, let's go for it. We'll still try to cook it somehow.” Jeanne had brought a... it's actually a massage oil but it's like an edible oil which is even funnier. We sliced up this pint sized fish and I seriously think I had about (shows small portion with fingers) that much of it.
58. Roger (5/5): We are the most macho guys that there ever been at Survivor, you know? Good looking macho. We're confident we're gonna get through the first challenge, there's no doubt about that. If we lose to these women, man... we are gonna get ragged on big time.
59. Deena (6/6): In my heart of hearts, I think that the women are gonna win a couple of Immunity Challenges but overall I think that the men will probably dominate just based on shear strength over the women.
60. Jenna (9/9): I told Heidi if it's a physical challenge and we can actually push them off things, that she needs to show them her boobs (chuckles) and then we can distract them all and go.
61. Heidi (6/7): We were definitely behind in the challenge and we came back with flying colors pretty much. We just really, really kicked some butt today. And Janet has started to feel a lot better now.
62. Heidi (7/7): I mean, it just mentally gives you more energy. Like, “Hey, we really can do this.” We can pull this off just as well as they can... actually better.
63. Butch (1/1): We just returned from our first challenge. I think we went into it maybe a little cocky. In other words, there's no way that eight girls are going to beat eight macho guys. Today I think you had eight guys believing in themselves a little too much.
64. Rob (8/12): I give the girls a ton of credit. This is Billie Jean King versus Bobby Riggs for a new millennium. I know what's riding on this.
65. Daniel (2/2): Dave, he was upset about, you know, us joking around saying that we caught fish. It's not a big deal! He needs to lighten up. I mean, he's way too serious about this. I mean, who does he think he is to stand up on his soapbox and lecture us about that?
66. Rob (9/12): Dave is a stand-up guy. He has a lot of integrity and, uh, is a really honest guy which is really great for me because I'm gonna lie and cheat and do whatever it takes to win and if he's only going to tell the truth all the time that's gonna hurt him in this game.
67. Ryan (3/4): I saw the course and I was like, “We got this in the bag.” And the most athletic, biggest guy would turn out to be just a meathead, you know? It was Dan's fault, he fell off the log four times and now I'm the one with my ass on the stove.
68. Dave (4/4): I will not vote Ryan off. Um, we're from the same hometown. I feel we have some connection but somebody, uh, like Daniel? He's not really volunteering to help out, not volunteering to get involved. He's not really doing it for me right now.
69. Matthew (1/1): There's a lot of tension now. Everyone seems to be jockeying for position. There's a lot of friction between Ryan and Roger. I think that the friction has built up over the last couple of days and its culminated in kind of a faceoff.
70. Ryan (4/4): Right now, all I gotta do is I gotta go after Roger and break that whole coalition up. I just feel that they're gonna try to go for me so I gotta go for him. I have no choice.
71. Rob (10/12): Ryan is fun but he's also loud, uh, abrasive at times and extremely self-centered.
72. Rob (11/12): Really, I have to operate as a team and look out for other people's interests at times. The guy is focused only on himself. Roger on-- for his part though, is extremely bossy, is telling everybody-everybody what to do.
73. Rob (12/12): Privately, Ryan has asked me to vote with him to get rid of Roger. And Roger has asked me to vote with him to get rid of Ryan. And I've told them both that I would do what they want. It's Roger versus Ryan. I'm just going to see which way it clears out. I mean, both guys have their pluses and minuses.
1. Janet (1/4): We've been sleeping in the elements for four nights now. The shelter that we have does not, you know, live up to its name-- it does not shelter us!
2. Heidi (1/2): There's not a roof over-over our heads because there's so many other priorities going on. Like, number one is water. Everybody's energy is being in that fire and water. Water, fire, water, fire. I mean, we just-- it takes everyone's energy just to do that.
3. Jeanne (1/6): Our camp is so disorganized because we don't have a leader. We really need to bring it together and unify it and work as a team and without a leader we're not going to get it together.
4. Shawna (1/2): We don't have the necessary stuff to survive right now. We are not surviving. I know the guys are much better off than us. I have no doubt that they probably have their stuff together before we did.
5. Alex (1/5): Here we are in the Amazon, in this rainforest. We built our shelter, we're making due with our food. We did finally figure out how to use the manioc flour instead of just eating it dry which was nice. We're surviving... not the Ritz but it's-it's pretty cool.
6. Roger (1/1): The last few days here have been a little embarrassing. Uh, we lost the first Immunity Challenge but we've established a-a very good team.
7. Dave (1/3): I think what we're doing is really settling down to a schedule. We-we got our shelter built, uh, we're assessing our food. You know, what do we need to do in order to sustain ourselves for the long haul?
8. Dave (2/3): And about seconds before we got back, it-it just dumped, it rained hard.
9. Alex (2/5): It came down in buckets. But being inside the shelter, there were a couple drips here and there but pretty much we were dry.
10. Shawna (2/2): (…) seeking fire. I am so cold right now. Right now, a ridiculous, horrendous storm visit us and we're getting buckets, buckets of water. The ground's (…) our stakes. (…) we didn't get our shelter up in time so we are wet. The (…) are wet so we can't rebuild the fire. So right now we're focusing on the fire shelter and, uh, these fronds are-are crap so we're trying to figure out how to weave them together to ensure that that thing doesn't go out 'cause that's our lifeline and serious trouble if that gets wet. We thought we had more time than this. We forgot that we're in the middle of the Amazon and that torrential rains come once by here daily.
11. Dave (3/3): I think the mood in camp is a little frustration. I mean, everybody wants to win. Uh, particularly... seven guys don't want to lose to a bunch of girls.
12. Alex (3/5): We're feeling the pressure a lot and there's a lot of pressure on us now. We've lost two in a row. We could've used that bait. Bait would've been nice.
13. Jeanne (2/6): We need food, real food. The manioc, the fried manioc or whatev-- burnt manioc was just no good.
14. Janet (2/4): Mentally, I can handle this game great but physically it's really, you know, taking its toll and it's so much tougher than I thought.
15. Jenna (1/3): We've had nothing to eat in like, five days. Heh, barely anything to eat. But through the challenges, I mean, so far we've-we've done really well. We've won them both over the guys who are very cocky and think that they're-- they were gonna beat us both times.
16. Jeanne (3/6): My fishing technique is put the bait on the hook and pray. We've had a few problems fishing. Nothing was really biting out here and you can see them. They're all around you, they're jumping.
17. Jeanne (4/6): Bait's working, we're gonna get fish. Need a little time and a little patience but I feel better about the future because now we have the bait and I know how to fish and... it's gonna be okay.
18. Rob (1/3): I was really stumped on who I can get that might vote against Roger up until this morning when a light bulb went off in my head.
19. Rob (2/3): Alex and Roger had a little bit of a tiff this morning over homosexuality.
20. Alex (4/5): First of all, I'm straight so I don't know what it is to be homosexual and Roger's straight so he doesn't know either. What it comes down to is if it's what makes you happy and if it's not hurting anybody then who cares?
21. Rob (3/3): Now what I'm hoping is that this has planted the seed in Ale-- in Alex's head that Roger may not be all he's cracked up to be. Roger is a bigot.
22. Deena (1/5): When it gets dark in the Amazon it's not like dark in the city. It's you can't see where you're going. You can't see in front of you so our fire is our life and half of the tribe went nutty.
23. Deena (2/5): Joanna doesn't like the Immunity Idol because she thinks it is an idol, and idols are forbidden via the Ten Commandments, right? “Thou shalt have no other gods before Me.” She didn't want it in the camp, at all. She doesn't wanna touch it, she doesn't want to hold it, she wants nothing to do with it.
24. Joanna (1/2): You know, some people worship Buddha and some people do that or whatever-- I worship the most high Elohim God, Jehovah, YHWH, El Shaddai and He despises idol worship. If-if you read The Old Testament, they got struck down and that's why we got rained on last night bringing (laughs) the Idol into our-our tribe.
25. Christy (1/4): As soon as it gets dark, I can't see, can't read their lips and I can't hear so I'm totally like, (blows raspberry) out of the group.
26. Jeanne (5/6): Christy had asked me what we talk about at night and if I could fill her in so I said, “You know what? I just want to let you know that Joanna is not excited about the Idol like we are so just wanted to let you know.” And she goes, “Well, that's stupid.” Then Joanna walked by and it just was a dog eat dog situation.
27. Christy (2/4): I don't know, she flipped out and she just put the hand to my face. And when somebody puts their hand on my face that really pissed me off because I'm standing right there. Man, if you are a (air quotes) “vessel of Christ” don't you think you need to be a little nicer or a little kinder?
28. Joanna (2/2): It wasn't that I went over there to dog her out anymore but I wanted her to know, “Don't think you can go around the-the tribe talking trash about me because you got up in my business.”
29. Jenna (2/3): We put all of our stuff in the box and we covered it up 'cause it was gonna rain and we took all the packs out and at the bottom there's a granola bar. It was a wrapper. I had no idea if it was empty or not.
30. Jenna (3/3): First it was like, immediate anger, like, “Who brought this? You're not allowed to bring this. It's food, we're starving. You have no right to eat over us.”
31. Heidi (2/2): We ultimately burned it in the fire because it was definitely not fair. The guys didn't have one, we should not have had one.
32. Deena (3/5): Everybody is adamantly denying it, then it sets off the whole inquisition party. And of course I want to know who took the candy bar?
33. Jeanne (6/6): The reason why finding the granola bar in our little chest upset me is because, you know, we came out here to play a game, play fair. We knew we weren't going to get any food and, uh... I don't like cheaters.
34. Matthew (1/1): The fact that we were kind of gloating before the initial Immunity Challenge made us look even worse when we lost it. And when it happened the second time, people started to realize this could become a very disturbing trend.
35. Alex (5/5): This immunity is really important for our tribe. It-it feels a little do or die right now just because we lost two. You know, if we drop three in a row... that's bad.
36. Christy (3/4): I think my tribe is the most laziest tribe, the most laziest group I've ever been involved with. And it's like, what do they expect out here? What do they-- I mean, some people are just slacking and laying around and... and it pissed me off!
37. Deena (4/5): I took a break from cutting down palm trees so that I could sleep on the bed and Christy went off on Jenna, and Heidi, and Shawna, and I. It set me off a little bit. I didn't say anything to her because it's not worth my time and my effort so I just walked away.
38. Christy (4/4): I gave up on working with the tribe. I feel totally excluded from the tribe and so I realized I'm automatically rejected. I mean, Jenna hasn't even said a word to me these whole five days.
39. Deena (5/5): If Christy gets voted out tonight it's gonna be because of her personality and her attitude, not anything to do with her handicap or her disability.
40. Janet (3/4): Who I think will go tonight will either be me or Christy. I can't really know until that moment which of us will go. They're probably deciding that now.
41. Janet (4/4): Strategically, I probably should vote for Christy but I think instead I will vote for Jeanne because Jeanne is the one that stirred up all of this. She's the one that first brought it up and then went around to people and said, you know, “I think Janet smuggled in food.” I mean, she really, basically stirred it all up.
1. Rob (1/7): We had a bad rainstorm yesterday and we had, uh, a lot of leaks, and everybody was getting wet, and we decided to fix up our roof today. I can’t imagine that the girls have a shelter that is comparable to ours. Uh, maybe more comfortable than ours but we’re men and we just build and we think about comfort later where we wanna build an awesome structure, something big to look at. That’s what we do, we’re the men.
2. Roger (1/1): Picked up the deal and went down myself. Look at him, you know, come on, he’s a little Hercules. If I can go down and pick up a five gallon deal and put it on my shoulders and carry it back up. But I really-- it really got me hot. I, um, I had to-- I… tempted to smack the kid around to be honest with you.
3. Daniel (1/4): The-the thing that irritates me about Roger is that he just barks orders all the time. I mean, he’s not very friendly about it and he just tells people what to do. Uh, I’m not really speaking to Roger right now. Um, he knows that he wants to vote for me and I-I know I want to vote for him. And also he smells bad. He smells like really spoor vinegar.
4. Matthew (1/1): Daniel and I came together because he speaks Mandarin Cantonese. I was born in Hong Kong, I speak some Mandarin, and we started to speak Mandarin together and there was an immediate connection.
5. Daniel (2/4): Matthew and I are great friends, uh, he’s my best friend out here and he’s a really good ally. Let me tell you something, he’s being truthful whereas other guys who are out here when they tell you something, you have no idea if they’re telling the truth or if they’re lying.
6. Jeanne (1/4): This is Day 7 and our tribe is pretty much pathetic. Definitely the hygiene of the camp right now that’s uh, lacking. I thought they cleaned the pot. They didn’t clean it out thoroughly and there’s wasps all over the camp this morning.
7. Jeanne (2/4): We’ve been spinning in our wheels. You can’t spin your wheels in the jungle. Everyone has their own agenda.
8. Joanna (1/1): We got girls who are freezing at night. They don’t have any shoes on their feet and there’s no fire and the shelter-- the shelter over there is not big enough.
9. Jeanne (3/4): We promised each other as a tribe last night that we were gonna have a meeting to get our… things in order.
10. Jeanne (4/4): Strategically, Joanna and I to put Deena up for the leadership position because we think she’s a little hotheaded and I think she’s gonna create a little friction.
11. Deena (1/2): Nobody wants to step up to be leader because that puts a big target on your body and who wants to get voted out of the game? I didn’t take that with open arms but yes, I am going to do it. I’m going to delegate tasks. I told them that that was my goal.
12. Heidi (1/3): This group is such a good group when it-- when it comes time to pull your butt together and say, “Hey what, here-here is the organization we need for-- to win this thing,” we are such a good group together. Jaburu is beating Tambaqui but more importantly, it is the battle of the sexes. I mean, totally all the way, this is the battle of the sexes. And the women really are kicking the men’s butts.
13. Rob (2/7): So I’m very excited and this is the best day of my life. I got a better reward than I could ever hope for, in soap and toothpaste, that maybe some girls out there in the other tribe wanna get with me.
14. Rob (3/7): Since Day 1, Heidi has always been my favorite but she looks like she can really use the conditioner and maybe, uh, some of that-- some of that soap. She looks a little rugged and beat down. But look, I’ll take-- I’ll take what I can get. She’s probably a nine and a half in real life and right about now she’s closing in on a six, so that kind of levels the playing field for a guy like me which-which is an exciting prospect.
15. Daniel (3/4): I had a great time. I finally got to meet Shawna and I think she digs me. I could tell by the little twinkle in her eye when I met her, you know?
16. Rob (4/7): I don’t like Joanna. She’s always yelling about Jesus and how Jesus loves Jaburu. I didn’t know that Jesus had invested interest in Survivor ‘cause as far as I’ve seen, every picture of Jesus is a guy. I would think that He would want the guys to win.
17. Alex (1/3): I think Jenna is-- Jenna is, uh… she turned and looked at me, we had eye contact for a second… she is a-- she has an engaging stare.
18. Dave (1/3): Jenna is a-- is a gorgeous individual. She has-- her butt is so sexy.
19. Butch (1/1): What I thought of Jenna was… (sighs) I didn’t consider like the other guys as a-- as a hottie. I mean, I guess she is. Um, you know, I’m fifty years old. I’m not supposed to look at things like that, but of course I’m not dead either!
20. Christy (1/2): Bathing, in general, in front of other people is a very, uh, self conscious thing. When we are bathing, I bathe with Jeannie and Deena. And, of course, the girls my age, they’re the ones that not, of course, are not invited… (laughs) and that’s okay. I’ve learned to accept that and they can go off and do their bathing thing, and wash, and be pretty, and check each other out. “Oh! Do I have a dirty spot?”
21. Heidi (2/3): The cuter girls, me, and Jenna, and Shawna, kind of went off from the older women because we’re younger and we’re cuter. We’ve got better bodies and for some reason that’s like a huge issue with older people. We’re all very confident with our bodies. We’re all free having fun. We don’t have these older women judging us, telling us what we should and shouldn’t be doing.
22. Shawna (1/3): The three of us were washing each other. Bathing topless in the Amazon river felt like a soap commercial that went wrong and it felt so good to just be myself and be partially naked in an Amazon river. I mean, we’re in Brazil.
23. Heidi (3/3): If there’s a merge, it would definitely be to our advantage to go topless because guys-- it’s all they ever think about. I think that they would just, like, have that on their brains all the time instead of the game. I think they’d be more like, “I’m gonna keep you on my team as long as possible if I get to see that all the time.” So if their mind is distracted then that just gives me a chance to move one space ahead.
24. Dave (2/3): You know, for the past-past week or so, the focus has been really on-on surviving and how we're gonna make it out here, and talking to Matt this morning, it really came, you know, we’re here to play a game and we’re here to eliminate fifteen other people. Um, and what was interesting in talking with Matt this morning was to hear him talk about how Alex has been talking to Rob, uh, about getting rid of Roger. And, you know, it kind of opened up my eyes because there’s a lot more going on behind the scenes than I’m aware of.
25. Rob (5/7): David and Matthew went out on a fishing trip and brought back three guppies, you know, and Matthew is like, “Oh, I’m going to make a-a fish bouillon soup and, uh, it’s so-- it’s so depressing for a chef like myself without these seasonings.”
26. Rob (6/7): I said, “Matt, when I was in the fraternity, I would swallow fish that were bigger than this whole.”
27. Alex (2/3): It’s kind of changed a couple of times over the last couple of days. Rob has put on a good front for the whole crew other than I think me. He came into this game deciding that he was gonna play it like the goofy kid.
28. Alex (3/3): He really wanted to get rid of Roger, and Roger had already come to me, and Butch, and Dave, we kind of all agreed that Dan was next to go. Well, then Rob came to me wanting to get rid of Roger, and he had Dan, and Matt. So I’m kind of the swing. I’m kind of the person I can decide. I can go, “Which one?” you know? And I can go either way.
29. Shawna (2/3): Jaburu is on the upswing.
30. Shawna (3/3): Deena did an amazing job picking the role of leadership within our tribe. She’s got her stuff together and she knows how to delegate. And sometimes she can come off bossy but you realized you picked her and that's’ the reason you picked her it’s ‘cause you want her to boss you around.
31. Deena (2/2): The net effect of the leadership has been that we have so far boiled five pots of water, there is the roof that is pretty much completed, and the camp has been completely cleared out of debris. So then it looks like it’s organized, like, it looks as if somebody, yes, lives there and cares about their environment and is going to take care of it. We’re not starving to death. Some of the girls have been catching fish and I think that that’s a huge source of protein. It was what we needed to get us at parse so that we could play the game against the men.
32. Christy (2/2): I’m so excited we’re going to challenge. I really have a good feeling inside that we’re gonna beat them boys.
33. Rob (7/7): Roger has told me that he’s at his wits end with Daniel and that he may be very close to bursting and I hope that happens. I know that anytime any two people on the tribe are butting heads, that’s good for business.
34. Daniel (4/4): I’m just trying to realign right now with Rob, Alex, and Matthew. And Rob really wants Roger to go but Rob will only vote against Roger as long as the-the numbers are there.
35. Dave (3/3): Because it is relatively early in the game, I don’t really trust anybody. We still are out here as a game. And to hear Matthew talk about how Alex seems to be trying to be everybody’s friends and-and get on different sides… it made me wonder, “What am I missing?”
1. Jeanne (1/2): Today is day number 10 and our goal was everyone wake up early so we could start getting some shelter. Everyone should be enthusiastic to work today ‘cause we really have to get some things done around here.
2. Shawna (1/5): Every morning I’m woken up by two girls shooting me horrendous looks like I’m worthless for being still in bed. And they’re just constantly trying to make everyone feel bad like they’re not doing enough. It’s getting to be a total martyr thing and it’s driving the tribe, especially me, up the wall.
3. Heidi (1/5): It’s always been put in our heads “the harder worker gets ahead.” But this is a game. You have to figure out what gets you ahead in the game, not what gets you ahead in life. So my philosophy, eh, about Jeanne and Joanna is: you wanna do all this extra work? By all means do it. I am going to sit here and take a breath, maybe take a nap today and I guarantee I’ll probably be getting ahead of you in the game.
4. Dave (1/4): We really gotta step it up. We’re not maximizing our main food source which is this body of water that we’re next to. Um, pulling in little rinky dinky minnows is not keeping seven, healthy, strong guys alive. So we gotta get food down and we gotta get it done quick.
5. Butch (1/2): We didn’t catch any fish this morning. It’s not coming along very good but we’re gonna keep trying. So we’ve come up with another idea: we have not used worms. The reason why we haven’t used worms yet is because we haven’t gone out look for ‘em.
6. Matthew (1/3): I think these… these worms are most likely everywhere. There’s no reason to go on a long expedition and exhaust yourself. But those guys are probably going collectively to somewhat exclude me which is most likely the case. But that’s cool, my ego can take it. I think my biggest challenge today has been starting off on the wrong foot with my friendship with Ryan and Dan, and perhaps not spending enough time developing relationships with other people. Very often I’m not included and I know it’s on purpose. It’s intentional. I believe that the vote would be against me if there were Tribal Council tonight.
7. Dave (2/4): We started digging for worms and yes, stroke gold. So I think we’ll surely be able to go in and catch probably more than three to five inch, you know, little minnows out here and hopefully a bass or two.
8. Heidi (2/5): The work ethic in our camp is definitely creating friction. You’ve got bigger women who have more fat to live on that obviously can put out more effort, as far as manual work. And then you’ve got the-the smaller girls that are like the stay-at-home women, okay.
9. Heidi (3/5): I’m really not sure how that quote fit in with anything, except maybe she was just trying to pick on the fact that we were cute girls and we’re worrying about stuff that she’s not worrying about.
10. Jenna (1/2): Don’t be mad because we have good bodies. It’s not our fault. Get over it. (chuckles) Me and Heidi are definitely the skinnier of the group and better looking but I think it’s definitely a liability. I think that’s what we were both worried about. We wanted to be on a tribe with some men because with women, they can just be pissed that we have good bodies and look okay and just vote us off as easy as that.
11. Heidi (4/5): From the very beginning, I knew that I either wanted to team up with Shawna or Jenna because what happens when you’re a cute little girl, it’s very easy to be ganged up on. So I thought, “You know what? If you have all the little girls against more of the bigger girls, then it’s like, at least we have three against somebody else.”
12. Shawna (2/5): The older women might, uh, try to, uh, kind of mount an offensive against us trying to weed out the meek, or prissy, or whatever. So I figured, with my closeness to Deena, that if we could swing Deena’s vote then it was, you know, game on, that we could totally hold our weight.
13. Deena (1/4): The other girls and I talked very briefly and it just seemed natural to me that that would be a great alliance. We need four. I have nothing in common with them. I’m married with two children. These people are in their twenties, young, fit and good looking. I chose to ally myself with the younger women because I think that I’m able to talk and persuade the younger crowd more than I would say, an older established, been around the-the block crowd.
14. Shawna (3/5): If our alliance sticks together, Joanna and Jeannie-- they’re in big trouble. I don’t know what their plan is but right now, all of us are too determined. Even if we disliked each other, we’d still stick by the alliance ‘cause that’s the strategy of it, you know?
15. Matthew (2/3): Fishing is my forte. I love fishing. I’ve been fishing ever since I was a little kid. I know that no one can challenge my contributions to life here at the camp.
16. Matthew (3/3): I’m genuinely reaching out to various individuals. While I was certainly friendly with Ryan and Dan, I am individual. I think my actions are turning things around-- have begun to show some… um, some fruit, if I could say that. (chuckles)
17. Alex (1/1): Our tribe sooner they get-- caught our first, real fish. We feel like we got a strong team now, like a cohesive group that-that can actually work together and we really need to carry our momentum to the Reward Challenge.
18. Deena (2/4): The group has probably never been at its lowest. People are clearly disappointed. I think that some people are coping better than others and some, as a result of the Reward Challenge, just… went downhill quickly.
19. Heidi (5/5): This is a crucial part of the game right now-- to get ahead of the other people on our tribe. It’s so hard because you can’t be that sympathetic because you’re sitting here saying, “Shawna, we need you. Do you not understand? We need you!”
20. Deena (3/4): Shut up! Drink your water like you were supposed to be. Quit acting like this is the worst day of your entire life. I don’t want you to whine anymore. I want you to get off of your butt and do be a quitter. What do I do? Do I say, “Shawna, you’re right. I need to protect you and you should go home?” Or do I say, “Hey, we’re in it for us. We’re not in it for somebody else that broke the alliance?”
21. Dave (3/4): The Reward Challenge was a turning point for the Tambaqui tribe. We ended a losing streak. It was a huge moral booster and it also really showed that-that we do have it as a tribe. We have it together and we still had enough confidence to come, uh, from behind and win and-and get the reward.
22. Dave (4/4): Today will forever be in my mind as the perfect Survivor day. Everything flowed perfectly. Everything flowed our way.
23. Rob (1/1): It’s an interesting experiment that we are engaged in: what happens to eight guys when there are no women around?
24. Butch (2/2): Would I like to have women around right now? I think the answer to that is that I’m-I’m enjoying the company right now. I’m a lot more comfortable and we will continue to be a lot more comfortable with the women over there and-and the guys here.
25. Roger (1/1): Rob is the most enthusiastic… uh, kid I’ve seen. But I have to be honest, he really is pathetic. I mean, to be twenty-four years old, sing karaoke in your basement.
26. Shawna (4/5): Going to Tribal Council, I’m-- pretty much could go either way. I just feel relieved that it could be me. I know that sounds so terrible. I’m sure I’m probably the first Survivor to say that.
27. Jeanne (2/2): I will be voting off Shawna. She’s been weak and, uh, we need all the strength we can get. It’s gonna be sad to see her go but she really needs to get her health back.
28. Shawna (5/5): I think Jeannie and Joanna are voting for me. I know Christy was thinking about voting for me also. I’m on the fence about who I’m voting for. And I feel like I’ve kinda been bumped from the alliance at this point. I don’t make many decisions with them anymore. So… I may make one on my own.
29. Deena (4/4): I’m not gonna feel really good inside about keeping Shawna on but it’s kind of a, “Hey, guess what? You’re not in charge here. It’s about the core alliance. And suck it up baby because you’re along for the ride.” Joanna is clearly the most physical person that we have on this team. She has too much power, too much force. I need to get her off early.
30. Jenna (2/2): Christy is kind of like our-our wildcard. It’s important for me, and Deena, and Heidi to get Christy to vote on our side because Shawna wants out and if we let her out now, there’s a possibility of-of us not being able to have the majority.
31. Christy (1/1): I am like a little free vote over here. They want me to keep Shawna in the game and we kick out Joanna because she gets on everybody’s nerves. Joanna, however, does get the big, monstrous fish, and feeds us, and really works, and does her job. But at the same time, Shawna, she really wants to get out and it’s just like, we’re making her trapped. So it’s just-- it’s… I don’t know.
1. Deena (1/5): With Joanna gone, I feel as if I am in control. I am alpha female, top dog, right at this point in time. But Jeanne is unbelievably pissed off. I can’t even begin to tell you how pissed off Jeanne is.
2. Jeanne (1/7): I was really in shock when Joanna got voted off last night. Shawna is such a liability. She needed to go, she was crying, she was almost begging to go and they vote the strongest person off. Smart!
3. Shawna (1/2): It’s truly ironic that the people I set up my alliance with are now trapping me inside the game totally against my will.
4. Deena (2/5): Shawna’s problem is 7% mental. We’re not going to sacrifice ourselves for her sake. So she might as well buck up and play with the rest of us.
5. Alex (1/1): I think we’re definitely getting the hang of living out here. I was thinking about it today. We just trump around out here like it’s our backyard.
6. Matthew (1/1): I’m actually surprised that an injury like this has not happened earlier. No one here is really that experienced with, uh, working with a machete so he’s lucky since it’s not very serious.
7. Deena (3/5): Jeanne is sweating in her panties. She’s thinking, “God, help me. What am I going to do?”
8. Rob (1/4): I was very upset because I wanted to go for wine and laughter. I’m just very annoyed that the golden boy Dave falls face first into good luck.
9. Jenna (1/8): And it said, “Only one person could go and send your youngest.” And immediately it was like, “Oh, I’m the youngest.” So I’m gonna have to do something by myself. And I was like, “Youngest means young. Is-- come on, now. I’m the youngest, give me a break. I’m going somewhere and you’re not.”
10. Dave (1/8): After quite a long paddle, ended up at this fantastic bungalow with Jenna. We paddled up together, a little apprehensive, uh, curious.
11. Jenna (2/8): It was like our own little, like, private bungalow for two in the middle of, like, this gorgeous jungle and I was like, “You gotta be crapping me,” because it’s like sensory overload.
12. Dave (2/8): First thing we did was get out of the stinky, sweaty clothes, put on the bathrobes and, uh, we both sat down and started eating grapes, and drinking wine, and eating cheese and crack-- it was-- it was heaven. It was-- it was heaven in the Amazon.
13. Jenna (3/8): We were so excited to actually talk to someone of the opposite sex. We were like, ready to just like, chat away.
14. Dave (3/8): Jenna did go into great detail about the status of her tribe. However, you gotta think, “Do you wanna be revealing all this about-about your tribe?”
15. Dave (4/8): I went took a shower and it had four walls. The walls were made out of palm fronds. They were semi-translucent but the water is clean. Yeah, it felt really good just to have something, something fall in my head. Jenna took a shower after I took a shower. So there’s a naked girl in the shower that you can see into and I’m standing on the other side of camp brushing my teeth thinking that this is the greatest thing that’s ever happened to me.
16. Jenna (4/8): We got to sleep in a bed, which is so refreshing. It couldn’t have been a better Reward Challenge because we didn’t have to do anything except be born in the right year.
17. Dave (5/8): I slept so well and Jenna was fantastic to sleep next to. She didn’t kick, she didn’t bite, she didn’t… snore.
18. Jenna (5/8): There was like, fruit juice there, crescent rolls, breads, danish type bread, fruit, bananas. It was so great.
19. Jenna (6/8): Then he said, “Okay, take a seat at the table.” And I was like, “Oh, man! Take a seat at the table?” I was like, “That means that this isn’t over yet.”
20. Dave (6/8): Then I think she regretted saying a lot of the information she did. Jenna had talked a lot about her alliance with Heidi and how strong Heidi was.
21. Jenna (7/8): Oh, man, I hurt hard when he took her because she is like my rock here and I don’t know what I’m gonna do without her. Like, when she-she-- ugh, it almost made me wanna cry.
22. Jenna (8/8): So, that was it. New tribes as easy as that in ten minutes. (chuckles) It’s just like the game started again. It’s like a brand new game.
23. Dave (7/8): Jeff gave us the three new buffs and a map. And said we had to paddle back and tell everybody and way to go.
24. Rob (2/4): So he’s like, “Well, let me tell you guys this: I completely was true to us and I completely took advantage of Jenna-- Oh, by the way, Rob, Alex, and Matt, you’re gonna go live with-- you’re gonna go to Jenna’s camp with Shawna and Deena. And a bunch of other girls are gonna stay here with me, Butch and Roger.”
25. Rob (3/4): I was very mad when I found out that my fate in this game would be determined by Dave. I don’t think he has my best interest at heart. He cares about himself and apparently about Roger and about Butch.
26. Heidi (1/4): Jenna and I are pretty buddy-buddy so when she came up and told the three of us… I really couldn't. It was a shock to me. So, I mean, it was kind of like, “Oh, man. That really stinks!”
27. Jeanne (2/7): Obviously, I was feeling fine. I was happy that I was leaving that group.
28. Jeanne (3/7): I was impressed. Dave, Roger and Butch all welcomed us. I mean, it was like a celebration of a new tribe. I felt awesome.
29. Roger (1/2): Very surprised to find out that Christy is deaf and also very surprised in how well she’s doing. I never would’ve guessed that she was deaf by watching the other tribe. And so, it’s amazing.
30. Deena (4/5): It’s amazing what a little bit of testosterone can do for somebody. Boys come into the camp and Shawna is a hundred and eighty degrees better.
31. Rob (4/4): I’m going to wait before I attempt any sort of proposition to these girls but should Shawna and Jenna walk around here naked, I will promise that I would not cast a vote in their direction until the merger.
32. Christy (1/2): The one thing I like about this tribe is they’re very aware that, “Okay, we got somebody who’s deaf,” and they really try to make sure I’m looking.
33. Butch (1/1): You have to look at Christy because she’s deaf. I’m making an extra effort to make sure she knows what’s going on. I’m making sure that she, you know, sees me. With night, we can make the lantern a little brighter. That way she can read our lips and be included in the evening conversation and make her feel even more welcomed.
34. Christy (2/2): It’s just a really, uh, good feeling inside. So knowing that I was in a really good group that really appreciate that.
35. Shawna (2/2): Alex is so fun. I dig him so much. He is adorable. I dig his sense of humor. He’s my type, you know?
36. Deena (5/5): I’m hurting. Deena went from top to the bottom. Shawna may not be so interested in the chick thing anymore. Shawna may be interested in the Alex thing. How loyal will she be to Jenna and myself? Because clearly it should be the three women against the three men if we’re going to protect one another.
37. Roger (2/2): I think our chances of winning are-are very good. These-these three girls are strong. I’m very pleased with, uh, Dave’s selection. We’ve got three, uh, good women over here. Yeah, we feel very confident.
38. Jeanne (4/7): It’s not a fun day today. I didn’t think we’d be going to Tribal Council tonight but we are and… we have no idea how to vote. (shakes head)
39. Jeanne (5/7): Christy and Heidi and myself, we have to vote together. We don’t really know these guys that well. We don’t know if they have problems with one another or what’s going on here. We figured if they vote for one of us and we vote for one of them then we’ll have a, I guess, a tie-off.
40. Jeanne (6/7): We just took a little boat ride out there and what we decided was to draw straws. We put a name on each other’s straws and we had to draw one to, uh, vote off tonight.
41. Jeanne (7/7): We were-- it was really a toss up. We wanted to be as fair as we can be. We figured that’s probably what they’re gonna do too.
42. Heidi (2/4): Dave and I went to go pick up some firewood. He just pulled me aside and he’s like, “Uh, you know, I-I definitely want to talk to you about something.”
43. Heidi (3/4): And so he just told me, you know, “I really want you to try to be an alliance with the other three guys here.” So, it’s just the conversation just all of a sudden came up. So that kind of caught me off guard, actually.
44. Dave (8/8): Heidi needs to know that we plan on getting rid of Jeanne first and then Christy. Jeanne was kind of next on the chopping block at Jaburu.
45. Heidi (4/4): I had a strong alliance with the girls before I came into this tribe. It’s kind of like, “Okay, now what do I do?” I mean, I am really in just a rock and a hard stone. I mean, I am just right there. I am the-- like the key factor right now to this whole voting process tonight and I’m incredibly uncomfortable with that.
1. Christy (1/2): I was shocked that Jeannie got voted off. I personally think she was one of the strongest members of the tribe and I was not upset with Heidi but I needed an answer.
2. Dave (1/2): Christy asked, “Why was Jeanne picked over me?” And Roger responded that she had better qualities for the team itself which seemed very different than the reasons that we had initially talked about.
3. Dave (2/2): And the reason for why-why I thought we voted for Jeanne was because Jeanne was the next to go from Jaburu.
4. Heidi (1/3): This is the start of a new team and I was just like, full of anticipation expecting to wake up the next morning and be like this team working together as a team.
5. Heidi (2/3): And instead it was me and Christy off doing one thing and the guys were off fishing. I was like, “Okay, did I make the right decision?”
6. Matthew (1/4): Coming over here was just a huge change for the better. I felt like my head was on the chopping block when I was at Tambaqui along with, uh, Rob.
7. Rob (1/8): I brushed my teeth today like I was detailing my car. And my mouth feels so good I want one of the girls to kiss me but none of them want to do it, which is surprising.
8. Deena (1/5): Brand new tribe, I was unbelievably rattled, uh, when the new people came over I thought, “Man, I’m clearly an easy target. I’m the oldest. I have very little in common with the rest of ‘em.” And, uh, it took me a-a moment to readjust but the guys are fascinating. I just absolutely adore them.
9. Matthew (2/4): Everyone in the group seems to be really genuine. Appearances can always be deceiving but at least on the surface, it’s-it’s quite comfortable the atmosphere.
10. Alex (1/3): At Jaburu, is there romance in the air? Maybe. There’s definite interest in the air. There’s definite flirting in the air. I don’t know, I’m a huge flirt. I love to flirt, especially with someone who’s a big flirt also and like, I don’t know, it’s great. It feels good. It feels good to flirt.
11. Shawna (1/5): Alex and I, I think, enjoy taking care of each other out here. And whether it evolves into anything, the two of us instantly clicked. I definitely want to get to know him better. Like, he’s an incredible person. I mean, he’s seen me at some of my worst moments already and it’s day, you know, whatever. I mean, that’s kind of-- that’s revealing.
12. Rob (2/8): Deena and I went to go get the Tree Mail and we were hoping that it would be some sort of meal but you never know what the Reward Challenge truly will be and what added bonus there might be with it.
13. Jenna (1/3): We just got back from the Reward Challenge and we lost, unfortunately, but we don’t care because we eat good here anyway and we’re not worried about it and we’re still together as a tribe and we’re gonna take a bath to celebrate.
14. Deena (2/5): The communal bath involved a lot of little pecking and brushing and, uh, monkey grooming.
15. Alex (2/3): The super highlight of my bath, by far, was having Shawna scrub my back. Oh! Twice, with a loofa and with the brush. Oh, I was in heaven!
16. Jenna (2/3): If the bikini helps me go father in the game then whatever. I’m game for that. I’m sure it was good eye candy for them.
17. Shawna (2/5): We were definitely in a position of power during the bathing situation. It was just hilarious ‘cause I think-- I think guys always think about, you know, bathing in Amazonian rivers (laughs) with three half-dressed women.
18. Rob (3/8): I just took a bath with two hot chicks. One was a swimsuit model. I’d like to repeat that I just took a bath with a swimsuit model.
19. Deena (3/5): Was there stuff going on? You bet. Women over the men… this is how they work them. I’m sitting back sucking it all in ‘cause I know where the players are playing and I know where the players aren’t playing.
20. Heidi (3/3): Winning the Reward Challenge… it was a big one. We won vegetables, and spices, and fruit galore, and more importantly, it showed me that this is a strong team.
21. Christy (2/2): Hearing him say that is like, (whispers) “Yes, yes.” I mean, I strive through my whole life just to try to prove that to people or show people that there’s nothing wrong with me.
22. Rob (4/8): Coming into this new tribe, I had an alliance with Alex but I’ve been noticing in Alex that he’s losing his momentum. He’s not as interested in playing the game as he is making friends which is stupid because he could’ve stayed home and made a bunch of friends. So as a partner in an alliance, that’s not what I’m looking for. And then I met Deena.
23. Rob (5/8): Deena is as hungry as I am. And she’s the kind of person that nobody would suspect I would have anything in common with.
24. Deena (4/5): Rob approached me and he said, “Listen, I need some help.” And I said, “Listen, I need some help.”
25. Rob (6/8): After my conversation with Deena I realized that number one, Matthew does catch a lot of fish and that we were gonna need his vote so I have come to an understanding that we probably will need Matthew.
26. Matthew (3/4): Rob and I went fishing alone for the first time and it was really nice because I realized that in Tambaqui, that he chose to maintain his distance, uh, out of insecurity. It seemed like a real genuine offer to build a better relationship and help one another throughout the remainder of the game.
27. Rob (7/8): Matthew has no idea that he’s being played by myself. The guy is a complete idiot and has no concept to what’s going on in this game around him. I don’t know if Matthew believes that he is a threat. I know for a fact that he’s a physical threat in this game. As long as he keeps catching fish we’ll keep him around but as soon as he stops catching fish or stops doing what we tell him to, he’s out.
28. Shawna (3/5): At nighttime it gets dark really early and you gotta make your own fun if you’re gonna stay alive out here. So tonight’s dating game and I just decided I was critiquing dates and figuring out what I wanted to do.
29. Shawna (4/5): It was funny ‘cause every single one of ‘em knows me in a different light. Every person in different and, you know, so it was kind of cool to see the different versions that came up with who they thought I ideally would want.
30. Matthew (4/4): I was definitely at a loss because D.C. does not have, uh, as many cool places to go or things to do as New York City or L.A., but I do think that it’s an opportunity to kind of, uh, build something with Shawna because, uh, there’s definitely potential there.
31. Shawna (5/5): Physically, I’m still really weak but my mind is definitely taken out of my body. I-I got this great new, positive outlook of the guys that saved me from the women. I just wasn’t having fun. I just, I need that presence in my life and-and they’re just great guys. They make me laugh.
32. Alex (3/3): As Shawna and I have become a little closer, Matt’s like, trying to bring the focus back around to his romantic situations. And when Shawna and I were kinda cuddled up sleeping and Matt started to use her as a pillow, and even that made me feel a little left out.
33. Deena (5/5): Shawna all of a sudden has this miraculous recovery now that the boys entered the camp and she’s essentially done very little since Day 3. Shawna is, uh, working Matt as much as Alex. Shawna is still flirtatious with Matt. But anybody who gets together exclusively against all others poses a threat to me.
34. Jenna (3/3): I don’t know where to fall because I don’t wanna vote for Shawna ‘cause I do feel close to her right now. I-I like her company and between her and Matt, I like her company more than Matt’s company.
35. Rob (8/8): I really thought that this meeting was gonna go that Shawna was gonna say, “Guys, you can vote me out,” and then everybody was going to start to get emotional. Now Alex is saying he’s gonna vote for Matt just because he won’t vote for Shawna, and Shawna says she’s gonna vote for Matt so now Matt has two votes out of six. So this really gonna-- could go either way, either Matt or Shawna could get the boot. Now up until the other day, I was very excited about the prospect of getting rid of Matt, but I’ve been putting a lot of energy into talking to this guy, which is absolutely exhausting trying to get him on my side, and now I got the guy eating out of the palm of my hand, we’re gonna vote him off!
1. Deena (1/8): Tribal Council tonight was awful. Shawna is gone. You know, we missed that extra little spark, the extra little bandana with the sunglasses.
2. Rob (1/12): Alex, I think is a little bit depressed that Shawna is not here anymore. And I’ll be honest, it’s not the same not having another, uh, twenty-three year old girl in bikini around but maybe he’ll get his head out of his ass and start thinking about the game again like he should be.
3. Rob (2/12): I don’t like having to discuss strategy in an open forum but should there be a merger in the next three days, I just want to make sure that all these knuckleheads understand the plan.
4. Rob (3/12): Once we have that majority and say, “Roger, shut up. Shut up, Roger. Stop talking, Roger.” And finally, the shoe will be on the other foot.
5. Deena (2/8): I’ll mind you, there’s been this box inside of our supplies since Day 1 and it drives everybody nuts. You know, you shake it, you throw it, you drop it, you wanna know what’s inside.
6. Butch (1/1): We were all excited because we got to open the box! We speculated for eighteen days what was in there.
7. Deena (3/8): The note clearly says, “Now you shall become one,” and we’re off.
8. Christy (1/2): I’m so happy… (ecstatic) I made it to the merger. I just, I… Wow!
9. Dave (1/5): The surge of we’ve been battling one another and-and-and trying not to be eliminated and trying to get to this point of the game and we-we’ve succeeded, it’s fantastic. We’re here right now, it’s done.
10. Roger (1/4): We arrived here and lo and behold, when we get off the boat there’s a feast to end all feasts laid out for us.
11. Dave (2/5): We’re at a new point. It’s new people, it’s new friendships to be made and it’s just-- it was just the euphoria of excitement. Nobody’s thinking about who’s going home next at that point. I’m thinking we are blessed to have this meal right now. Let’s celebrate.
12. Roger (2/4): We have the tendency for the whole group to kinda get, you know, let’s be festive all afternoon forgetting the fact that we had to get a shelter built.
13. Roger (3/4): And my focus was we gotta keep the food i-- you know, iced up. Well, the guys got into this, “Well, let’s make a special deal. Put the beer in there make sure we got that iced down.” And I-- and I really-- I was really getting ticked off.
14. Alex (1/3): The problem with Roger is that he’s an ass. He’s loud, he’s obnoxious, he’s bossy, thinks he knows everything and he wants to be the dictator, wants to be leader. And what he thought was important took precedence and he’s yelling at everybody.
15. Rob (4/12): There is a lot of tension between Deena and Roger. Roger was in charge of Tambaqui and Deena was the leader of Jaburu. And Deena is a very strong woman who I have a lot of respect for. She’s a lawyer, she can argue her way out of just about any situation. And Roger loves to hear himself talk. So you get these two together, Roger thinks that women are stupid, Deena thinks that-that women are better than men, and there’s just about a million different conversations they could-- they could go off on.
16. Deena (4/8): Oh, yeah, that song “Hallelujah, It’s Raining Men,” I, you know, you-- God love ‘em, you need ‘em. You need, alright, getting the shelter together. Roger said, “Okay, here we’re gonna establish our floor, and our base, and our perimeter and rawr rawr rawr rawr. And you two, you two go get palm fronds.”
17. Christy (2/2): I’m not working on the shelter because it’s a (air quotes) “man thing to do” or not strong or if you don’t have the mathematical setframe plan like they have it which really pisses me off because I really would like to be a part of it. I mean, if I’m out here for pulling palm fronds and logs and you’re really trying to be a team, I want to be able to put a log on there and measure it and say, “Hey!” and feel like I made the bed as well but they did. But I’m cool, you know, if I can get the palm fronds done and have a little shelter before the rain comes, okay, I’ll be happy.
18. Rob (5/12): Coming into this merger, it’s interesting to see what everybody is doing. Some people are busy building the shelter. Other people, like myself, are busy building alliances and working towards the end of the game. We’ll see if you guys that are building the shelter are all gonna be here to use it for more than six or nine days.
19. Deena (5/8): My initial thing was let’s get rid of Dave. He clearly is one of the strongest, if not the strongest out here. Jenna and Heidi had a good point, gotta give ‘em their due. They said, “Listen, if we were to allow Roger to be on the jury, he would never ever vote for a female. Simply because we have breasts and estrogen we must be somehow so far inferior to that of a man.” They’re right. Screw him.
20. Dave (3/5): The initial plan, right now, is for the six guys to eliminate the four girls and I’m going to vote for Christy because it seems that’s the way the old alliance is voting. And if I were her, I’d be really worried. And I think Deena also saw herself in that position because she’s been butting heads with Roger and she knows that Roger kinda has his alliance on one side.
21. Alex (2/3): Roger is of the belief that we are all, um, all the guys are-are together and, um, the fact of the matter is, um, Roger is first-- well, Roger is the second… (addresses Matthew off camera) No, his first on the list now. The list has changed. He was being an ass earlier. (addresses camera once again) So Roger is gonna be, uh, voted, unless he wins individual immunity, he’ll be the first one to go. Matthew (1/1): And this is a tough game and you have to identify the people you can trust and stick with them. And we’re very comfortable with, uh, our alliance. We think it’s going to hold true to the end. Alex: And then when it’s the five of us, uh, we’ll sort it out amongst ourselves. Matthew: Exactly.
23. Rob (6/12): Camp is very festive and everybody’s hanging out except for one man who is passed out sleeping and snoring and it happens to be the same guy that everybody wants to vote off. Um, I’m disappointed that none of the girls are really drinking that much. That’s a problem when you’re a guy that looks like me that you realize that the only chance I have with either of those two girls is if they get really drunk, but otherwise, it’s still pretty crazy in there.
24. Dave (4/5): We talked great sex talk last night. Just swapping stories like-like friends of-of back home.
25. Rob (7/12): I really dislike Dave. He thinks he’s very slick, and very smart, and he thinks he’s real ladies man. So it’s very possible that he could try to coerce one of these girls into voting with him and I just hope that all these girls are solid enough to stand up to this rocket scientist and his stupid all-American charm.
26. Rob (8/12): Unfortunately, I don’t have that many good sex stories. I hardly have any boring sex stories. Most of my sex stories usually involve me and a fat girl.
27. Rob (9/12): The way Jenna and Heidi were talking about threesomes, I’m rethinking my whole strategies so that the final three might be myself, Heidi and Jenna. I could be having a thresome on Day 37 out here and this would just be the most incredible adventure of my life.
28. Rob (10/12): I don’t know why Roger started pushing everybody so hard. The guy has no idea how much of a jerk he is. He has no sense of self-awareness that he can’t redetermine that people don’t like him. Nobody likes him.
29. Deena (6/8): Rob chose me and I-I-I can honestly say that it’s Rob and I that have engineered this whole turnaround and it is not the battle of the sexes anymore but it’s the battle of the weaker versus the stronger.
30. Deena (7/8): Roger, Butch and Dave think that they have this game sown up. Um, sorry, there was an Adam and then there was an Eve. And if you remember, Eve just kind of took Adam right along with the rest of the boat. And that’s what we’re gonna do. We’re gonna play ‘em and we’re gonna play ‘em hard because we’re gonna beat them at their own game. You can’t be cocky and just assume that girls are gonna lie down and let it all happen and “Gosh, thanks that was so good. You guys are such (claps hands) good players. Congratulations.” No, the game is mine. Roger is gone, then Dave and then the rest will have to work itself out. And they can sit there and they can be cocky but I’m gonna tell ya, the boys are gonna be sweating tomorrow night after Roger goes home.
31. Rob (11/12): I said that the only way Roger is gonna win immunity is if it’s a contest name that Perry Como song or perhaps, uh, what type of prune is this? Or some sort of other thing that only an older man, like Roger, would be able to determine.
32. Alex (3/3): I’m actually excited. The game worked out better than expected. We had the best time out there. Naked chicks… yeah! Pizza… yeah! Roger was too big to jump off and get himself nothing… yeah! (laughs) He has no idea that he’s going home tonight. Um, there’s people dancing in the Amazon. (laughs)
33. Deena (8/8): When we got back from the Immunity Challenge and the men (mockingly) prepared a fire-- prepared a firewood because that’s what men do best. And then we sit in front of the fire to warm our bodies. And poor Roger is planning all these interesting activities for later on this evening and ha!, Roger is going home!
34. Roger (4/4): The women are gone and it-it’s that simple. And it looks as though it-it’s-- everything is falling into place exactly like we planned it. Uh, I know when I’m sitting here saying, “It’s too good to be true.” (chuckles)
37. Dave (5/5): I think that all four of the females realized that they are going to be quickly eliminated because the six males are starting to stick together a little bit better. And I don’t think that they’re surprised that four girls and six guys… they’re looking to go packing pretty quick.
38. Rob (12/12): I realized early on that the other men that I was dealt with are a bunch of jamokes. They have no idea that the women are capable of taking them all out at this point in the game. I will go as far to say that I know that I’m gonna be the last man standing in this game and I don’t think any of the other men have any idea of what’s going on around them.
1. Deena (1/1): Roger was this sexist, arrogant man. And once Roger left, it makes for a lighter, happier tribe. I feel fairly in control at this point in time. My panties are still on fire and I’m going a hundred and twenty miles an hour but I feel pretty in control.
2. Dave (1/4): What happened last night was an instant turn of events. It is a prime example that nobody really knows what’s going on in this game. I think that all my stability and everything has now been turned upside down because I did put my roots into an alliance with Roger. Now we gotta play the game according to how things are right now.
3. Butch (1/1): Dave and I are-are getting ready to build a dock. Uh, just a little courtesy for everybody here at camp… so feet don’t get wet and your shoes don’t get wet ‘cause once their wet, that’s-- your feet are miserable.
4. Rob (1/9): I’ve had an axe to grind with Dave for so long. He thinks he’s the-the smartest guy in the whole world. He’s “Mister Adventure,” “Mister Personality,” all the girls want to get with him. I can’t take anymore. He’s a showoff and he’s arrogant. Dave’s gotta go, he’s a threat. The main alliance right now is myself, Deena, Jenna, Heidi and Alex which are the five people that I would most like to spend my time with here.
5. Dave (2/4): I have approached this game with a mentality of I am going to be me and what you get is gonna be Dave Johnson no matter what. And, uh, I think I’ve been on good terms with everybody and hopefully, just being a good worker, and dedicated, and motivated, and fun to be with will-will keep me around for a little bit longer and start building, uh, some alliances with the people who are left.
6. Rob (2/9): The craziest man I’ve ever met has been living with me twenty-four hours a day nonstop.
7. Christy (1/2): Matt is creepy. He’s creepy. He’s creepy.
8. Rob (3/9): He sits and sharpens the machete for an hour at a time. Why does he need the machete so sharp? I think he’s gonna kills us. I’m afraid that when he is voted off that he may take out the machete and then kills us after the vote.
9. Alex (1/2): There’s a couple of reasons why I might be getting ready to vote for Matthew. One, he is a physical threat and two, he’s kinda losing it out here. I don’t know, everyone is feeling it. It’s just kind of a weird vibe coming from Matthew these days and nobody’s all that comfortable around him.
12. Rob (4/9): Twigs and Sticks are a nickname for Jenna and Heidi. Their legs are twigs and sticks. I know that I certainly would catch on fire if I ever saw Twigs and Sticks rubbing together. I really like my alliance with Twigs and Sticks. But as much as I appreciate Jenna and Heidi’s company, I don’t know if either of those girls would pay me any attention in real life and I don’t ever forget that fact. I’m aware of how they’re trying to use their sexuality to get me to do things that I wouldn’t normally do and make mistakes that I wouldn’t normally make. I really do play this game with (points to head) this head even though it does, today, look like a different head.
13. Rob (5/9): When Dave and Deena came back from the Reward Challenge, they started talking about how hungry they were.
14. Jenna (2/3): I was like, “Screw you, you fat pig. You had ice cream all day and we are starving and you wanna come back and eat my manioc and fish?!”
15. Jenna (3/3): It wasn't so much Deena, it was Dave. Common courtesy would say since you just ate three different types of ice creams, you would come back to your camp for people who have been eating manioc and let them eat the fish but I guess he doesn’t realize that.
16. Rob (6/9): I haven’t spoken with Heidi about her relationship with Dave but I do sleep right next to them and I know that I hear a lot of rustling around at nighttime and Dave has his arms around Heidi. Supposedly, she’s playing him but then, in my mind, potentially I say, “Well, is Heidi just trying to play me?” If anybody is the one who’s gonna be having pillow talk with Heidi, I want it to be me and not Dave. I do think that if you had a better chance if Dave wasn’t around that maybe my arms would be around Heidi. It’s very annoying the whole thing. I don’t like the fact that somebody in my alliance is sleeping with the enemy.
17. Rob (7/9): I don’t know what it is about the dirty human head but for some reason, mats hang out a dirty human head like it’s Studio 54 that they just fly in circle and hang out and they’re having a party on top of-- on top of my dome and there’s about a million of them and they’re in a flight pattern orbit. I don’t know what’s going on up there. I didn’t bump my head into anything, there’s no food in my head that-that I’m aware of but it is funny when somebody’s talking and they’ve got a million mats hanging around their head like their Pig-Pen from the Peanuts.
18. Matthew (1/2): I really appreciate and value my relationship with Rob ‘cause he knows the game inside and out. I mean, I’m clueless and he’s-he’s taught me a lot about how to-- how to play it. And he’s also a great guy.
19. Rob (8/9): To keep Matthew from turning on the five, I need him to believe that he has a different deal going on than the actual one he has. So I’ve come up with this fake story to Matthew about how Matthew, Alex and I are going to be the final three.
20. Rob (9/9): In reality, I would like to get rid of Matt, the sooner the better, because I am taking my life into my hands with the amount of lies that I’m telling him just to keep him happy.
21. Dave (3/4): I feel that my head is on the chopping block right now. I think this Immunity Challenge is key so my goals for today’s Immunity Challenge is, first and foremost, make sure Matt does not win.
22. Matthew (2/2): I destroyed these shoes one night by leaving them a bit too close to the fire so they’re impossible to wear. My objective for this afternoon is to MacGyver these into suitable sandals. I’ll be a much happier person as a result.
23. Christy (2/2): I’d vote off Matt because, you know, I don’t know what he’s going through in his head and he just gives me the creeps and I don’t know how long I can like, be around him.
24. Dave (4/4): I am going to vote for Matt tonight because it’s the only way that I can stay on for another three days. And hopefully my vote and a couple other people’s will-will be enough to get the majority of votes against Matt.
25. Alex (2/2): I am voting for Dave tonight. He’s probably the single biggest threat out here right now. I’d rather not compete against him anymore.
1. Rob (1/13): Every morning, I give Matt a debriefing of the wild goose chases I want him to work on for the day just to keep his mind busy so he doesn’t really have any chance to figure out what’s actually going on.
2. Rob (2/13): I’ve been really filling Matt’s head with a lot of crazy stuff and I’ve been telling him about how the men are gonna vote off all the women and that we need Butch’s help. So Matt is off on a bunch of wild goose chases.
3. Matthew (1/2): It’s a chain and I’m Butch’s link to what’s happening. I’ve told him that I will decide when we speak. I will initiate all communication. I’ll decided how much information he gets. I am his lifeline.
4. Butch (1/3): I guess it’s like a chain. You got your big chain, big four together and then you want to be one of those links. And you want to be that… uh, seventh link, and maybe six, and maybe five, and then maybe, there may be a break and you can jump in there and grab on and that’s what you want to be able to do.
5. Rob (3/13): The fact of the matter is that Matt is who the group would like to vote out next because we think that he’s mentally unstable and we’re afraid that he may kill us so, uh, we’re trying not to let him know he’s going to be voted out.
6. Matthew (2/2): Everyone took one of the weapons for a spin. You know, everyone took a couple of shots with the arrows, couple of throws with the spear and blew a couple of darts.
7. Rob (4/13): Coming to this game, the only spears I knew about were Britney, and broccoli, and asparagus.
8. Rob (5/13): Matt came to me and said, “I’m not gonna try my hardest today because I don’t want people to think I’m a physical threat.” And I said, “Matt, I think you’re finally starting to understand this game.”
9. Alex (1/2): Walking into the coffee house was awesome. It was just, a cool structure out in the-- out in the jungle. We had a blast.
10. Jenna (1/4): I really, really like Alex and, uh, it was really nice just, like, to spend time with him and talk to him. You know, it was so exciting because I love to eat and me and Alex are like bottomless pits. (chuckles) We just stuffed our face.
11. Deena (1/6): Reward Challenges are great when you get maybe a full stomach-- whatever, but it also tells you who’s really here to play. And unfortunately, it sets those people up with a really bad position… ala, Alex. He clearly came out as a dominant individual and that frightened me.
12. Rob (6/13): I have a alliance to the end with Deena that is a secret. The other players, I don’t believe, have any clue that Deena and I have been working together and are so close. So it was settled: if Matt won immunity, Alex had to go.
13. Deena (2/6): I feel as if we’re in control, Rob and I. Ultimately, I’m in control, you know, ‘cause I always have a backup plan after my backup plan fails. I have to be thinking 24/7 here and it’s making my head hurt.
14. Jenna (2/4): I think I drank four iced coffees and we both had a cappuccino and then Alex had one more iced coffee. That’s a lot of coffee in-in a short amount of time so we were-- we were buzzing.
15. Rob (7/13): When and Alex and Jenna came back from the Reward Challenge, they brought back two cookies for each of us which was a very nice gesture and much appreciated by the tribe. But Matt and Butch were on the boat and they didn’t know there were any cookies.
16. Rob (8/13): I thought that we could just eat the cookies and Matt and Butch wouldn’t know. I mean, they’re really on the outside looking in power-wise. Even if they found out what are they gonna do?
17. Butch (2/3): Matt and I’ve been trying to catch fish. And we caught twelve fish the first day we were here. The next day we caught six fish. We caught one this morning and we fished for three hours and it got so hot out there we could hardly take it.
18. Butch (3/3): Piranhas have real sharp teeth and they’re really… long. I had one on the boat and I stabbed him in the head two times with my knife and I already cut him all the way up and I was getting ready to turn him over to skin him… It hurt and that fish was dead. I don’t know, it must’ve just saw my finger come around and bit me! Yeah, it was stupid of me but I thought the fish was dead and he had one last bite.
19. Rob (9/13): Deena had told Heidi not to say anything to Jenna about Deena’s plan to get rid of Alex. But following Alex and Jenna’s return from the Reward Challenge, Heidi told Jenna everything.
20. Heidi (1/3): Alex and Jenna were my original alliance. I’m not gonna turn my back on them so, I mean, I just told Jenna about it and I knew she’d speak with Alex about it.
21. Jenna (3/4): Deena stabbed us all in the back because she’s being selfish. I’m really pissed at her. She’s obviously trouble. She’s starting trouble already-- that doesn’t need to happen around the camp.
22. Alex (2/2): And so I grabbed Rob and I was like, “Rob, dude, what’s going on?” He was, “What do you mean?” And I was like, “So now I’m on the list? I’m-- my head’s on the block next?” And he said, “How do you know that? That just happened this afternoon while you were gone.” I was like, “Dude, ‘cause I’m good. I know what’s going on.” And he was like, “Yeah, Deena wants to get rid of Matt next and then you.”
23. Rob (10/13): Things have really gotten interesting over here at Jacaré. It’s Deena versus Alex and both think that they’re calling the shots in this game.
24. Heidi (2/3): I feel so retarded right now because of some spider bite.
25. Heidi (3/3): It started off sore and it started turning black and blue. I am not even able to touch my knee without extreme pain.
26. Rob (11/13): Heidi has been bitten by some insect and it has now reached the size of one of her breasts on her knee so it’s very hard for her to walk around. Hopefully, she’ll have it drained.
27. Deena (3/6): The plan leading up to the Immunity Challenge has always been Matt first, Matt first, Matt first, Matt first. But we’ve decided and we’ve agreed if Matt wins immunity, Alex must go. He’s gone. Period, end of statement.
28. Deena (4/6): The mistake that Alex made at the Immunity Challenge was to lose the Immunity Challenge. Alex needed to win to save his hiney… didn’t happen. My ass really had to have been on the line today for me to have eaten that grotesque thing. Everybody is still with me… why even try?
29. Deena (5/6): I convinced Jenna Alex is too great of a threat so he’s gone. (singing) Bye bye Alex, bye bye Alex.
30. Jenna (4/4): Deena has been in an alliance with me, and Alex, and Rob, and Heidi but she stabbed us all in the back and I am so incredibly disappointed and shocked and I can’t ever forgive that.
31. Rob (12/13): I’m sort of in both circles in all of this right now. I get information from Deena, and Alex too, which is sort of the precarious position to be in ‘cause it could backfire.
32. Deena (6/6): Rob is doing his own little work with, uh, Matt, and Matt, of course, then will talk with Butch. And so it all kind of our little fingers are outreaching and it’s all falling into place. Girls are playing their part… (sigh of relief)
33. Rob (13/13): Deena and Alex both think they have the exact same people to vote the other one off and both think that their plan is going to work without a hitch. It’s like we’re in the mob and that there’s going to be a hit on one of my friends and I really have to look the other way and act like everything’s hunky dory. But when we go to Tribal Council tonight, the one person that’s gonna get the hit tonight is gonna be the person that least expects it.
1. Alex (1/5): Jenna and Heidi, and Rob and I are having a blast. Game-wise, it’s working out great for us ‘cause we have the majority and as long as we control immunity it’s the four of us that are the final four.
2. Alex (2/5): I’m enjoying this game a lot. I mean, I knew that I would meet cool people. I never thought that I’d meet people that I consider friends that I want to continue to be friends with.
3. Jenna (1/3): I’m an only child. I’m so close to my mom and dad. Like, I just sit at home and chill with them, like, almost every night of the week and just eat and have fun. I miss them. Plus my mom is not well. I left her and she’s, uh, you know, hopefully doing really well while I’m gone.
4. Heidi (1/3): Jenna’s mom is sick-- she has cancer. I mean, we haven’t heard from our families in gosh knows how long. (chuckles) So, I mean, it’s scary and Jenna’s just worried sick.
5. Jenna (2/3): I think about them often but it’s nice to have a core group of people that I love here also. That’s also made me not have to think about them as often. That really helps, it really does.
6. Alex (3/5): It’s a little bit like… and I hate to say it, but it’s a little bit like high school. Jenna and Heidi, Rob and I have the luxury of doing a little less work because we hold a majority and the other three know it.
7. Christy (1/5): I am a hard worker and I know I’m a hard worker and I don’t mind working hard. But sometimes it’s like, “Come on, get up your butt and go and get some wood! Go and try to do something,” and they just do jack (expletive censor).
8. Matthew (1/9): I find their behavior to be incomprehensible. Maybe the final four will be made up of Rob, Alex, Jenna and Heidi but by betraying the other three members of the tribe and treating them like dirt… they’ve basically guaranteed that myself, Butch and Christy will vote against them if any one of them makes it to the final two.
9. Heidi (2/3): The Tree Mail said something like you’re gonna auction off, you know, make sure you place your bets wisely for food.
10. Matthew (2/9): My feeling was that Christy deserved the letter. She’s had a very bumpy ride and I realized that it would really elevate her spirits-- raised her spirits and I felt she deserved it. And I thought Jenna was being selfish.
11. Christy (2/5): This is from a very good friend of mine. Uh, I met her in high school. Her name is Jennifer and she’s just an amazing person.
12. Christy (3/5): I mean, I’ve been here 28 days and just reading this and knowing that there’s people out there that love me it’s just, uh, such a good feeling. Maybe I can’t trust anybody out here but I definitely can trust people at home.
13. Heidi (3/3): She started crying because her mom had written that the brain tumor had decreased by 50%. I mean, it’s just like one of the greatest things-- I started crying because I was so happy for her.
14. Jenna (3/3): Hearing from my family, my mom and dad, was just better than anything that I could have asked for because it helps you move on. I just needed to hear about how they were and what they’re doing and… it’s hard but I’m glad. It really was the best thing.
15. Matthew (3/9): Right now it’s a critical time. There are a number of subgroups that have formed. One potential subgroup consists of Alex, Heidi and Jenna and then there’s Rob.
16. Butch (1/1): We don’t want to get in too big of a hurry, we don’t want to rush this, we don’t want “if I get it all done right now” because then sometimes it leaks out.
17. Matthew (4/9): I think that we got a great shot assuming Rob wants to join us. Otherwise, Butch and I and Christy will go over the next three Tribal Councils.
18. Rob (1/6): Alex’s decision to tell me that he was gonna vote me out at the final four is really kinda curious. I think it has to do with this idea that we’re all each other’s best friends and even though I’m gonna be voted out fourth, I’m losing to three worthy players.
19. Rob (2/6): I realized that I’ve been coming off as very sensitive with this group talking about how much I love them and how much I’m gonna be friends with them after-after the game but I have never stopped playing Survivor and over my dead body will I turn over and let somebody just pass me by.
20. Alex (4/5): We received an very interesting, uh, little Tree Mail this morning. There was big test booklets with each of our name on it and said to answer all the questions, to not discuss it with anyone. It’s obviously, I mean, some kind of a game to see if your answers match everyone else’s, we think anyway. So it should be interesting when we get to the Immunity Challenge to see how our answers are used.
21. Christy (4/5): Some questions were easy to answer like, who’s the biggest drama king or queen, you know? Then it got tough like, who needs therapy or who is the tribe’s slob? It made me more aware and like, really, like, think about who’s who?
22. Rob (3/6): The Tree Mail was sort of a slam book-type quiz. Things like, uh, who would you trust with your life?, and a bunch of very interesting questions that really got me thinking about a number of things.
23. Matthew (5/9): Rob and I had perhaps the most important conversation of the game. He sat me down and he said, “Matthew, I’m gonna lay out what has happened over the past couple of weeks.”
24. Matthew (6/9): He said that there have been a lot of, uh, times when I’ve been in danger and people that I thought were on my side were actually plotting against me and on several occasions he was included and was stringing me along. Rob can be very underhanded but I appreciated his honesty and I appreciate what he had to say next.
25. Matthew (7/9): I was appalled at their audacity that they would go so far as to say that-that Alex, Jenna, Heidi and Rob had wrapped it all up and that it was really a question of which one of the four would win a million dollars?
26. Matthew (8/9): I do have a lot of survival skills but I am very ignorant when it comes to the game and how it’s played. Rob has zero survival skills but knows the game inside and out.
27. Rob (4/6): I am very aware of the arrogance of my alliance and I think that it’s gonna help me here and I don’t think it’s gonna be very difficult to sway the opinions of the three people that aren’t in this alliance. Christy is a sweet girl but she does not fit in with this group. I have a feeling that a lot of girls that were like Jenna and Heidi were very mean to Christy in her-- in her life.
28. Christy (5/5): I’m like, “Dude, I’m with you. I’m with you to get Alex out.” Just because Alex… (screams) Argh! I could care less about him and I just… ugh! And he’s-he’s just like… (sticks out tongue) drooling over Jenna and Heidi-- it’s just like, “Come on!” But then again, I don’t know, can you really trust Rob? Is he really going to say that to make us feel like, “Well, we actually have a chance,” or is he just trying to stir up something?
29. Alex (5/5): Going to Tribal Council tonight and, uh, Jenna, and Heidi, and Rob and I, have decided that it’s time for Matt to go home. He’s just way too big a physical threat.
30. Rob (5/6): Tonight’s Tribal Council could signal one of the most important power swings in this game. I can vote with Alex, Heidi and Jenna and assure myself a solid position in the final four of this game.
31. Rob (6/6): Or, the more intriguing option, might be to vote with Christy, Matt and Butch, but the downside to that would be to lose the trust of all these people that I have come so far with. I’m turning my back on three people who potentially would be on the jury-- three people that are definitely not gonna vote for me in the final two.
32. Matthew (9/9): Tonight it’s gonna be a great night. I’ve got a strong agreement with Rob-- he really is the linchpin in our plot this evening to dethrone Alex. But Rob can be very devious. Rob has betrayed a number of people to get where he is today.
1. Jenna (1/4): At Tribal Council when I heard the vote I almost passed out. I felt betrayed more than I’ve ever felt in my life. Rob screwed the alliance. He betrayed me and Heidi. He betrayed Alex. I couldn’t imagine how Alex felt. I didn’t think that people would sacrifice personal relationships for a gamble. Uh, we hate him. Me and Heidi cannot ever forgive him.
2. Heidi (1/4): Everybody took their turn talking except Jenna and I, because if I would’ve talked at that point I would’ve had every single cuss word come out of my mouth at that time.
3. Heidi (2/4): I never felt so manipulated, cheated and hurt all at the same time in my entire life.
4. Rob (1/10): Jenna and Heidi were under the impression that they were in the majority and that they were gonna ride this majority until the end, but now the tables have completely turned, and with Jenna and Heidi we’re gonna have to kiss some serious ass in the next couple of days to ensure that one of them makes it at least three more.
5. Matthew (1/8): What happened yesterday was it rained for about two hours. It rained hard. Our shelter is not waterproof. The water was leaking through the roof. Uh, the roof wasn’t built correctly from the beginning and everyone was miserable. My suggestion was that we build another fire shelter right adjacent to this one but use it for people and our belongings as opposed to fire. It’s a real-- it’s very easy to do. We just have to strand a couple of poles across and then merely stack a lot of the palm fronds. So it’s a quick fix. It does work and that’s the project for this morning.
6. Jenna (2/4): And there’s no way we’re throwing in the towel. We’ve done all we can do-- someone stabbed us in the back and eventually they’ll pay.
7. Heidi (3/4): I woke up this morning and I said, “You know what? I didn’t get out here 31 days to be screwed over and just take it.”
8. Heidi (4/4): I know that Christy is the wildcard so my thing is that, okay, Christy makes it to the top four. But if I can get Christy to go in with Jenna and myself, and try to vote one of the boys off, ‘cause they’re gonna vote either me or Jenna off, then we stand a 50% chance of staying, instead of a 0% chance of staying.
9. Christy (1/3): I think I can go farther with the girls than with the guys. But I like the guys because they’re totally honest, they’re totally cool. I have more bonded with them and I’ve been with these girls since Day 1, and everybody just… argh! (chuckles)
10. Christy (2/3): So I personally have to decide is it better to win a million dollars or is it better to be the final girl that kicked butt? It’s such a hard decision! (laughs) And here I am with the power. That’s like, how do you decide?
11. Matthew (2/8): It was an amazing experience. It was really touching for me to see all the tears, all the emotion, and I felt like, I was, uh, like God… for a moment.
12. Matthew (3/8): It sucked to have to like, express some emotion ‘cause I hate doing that.
13. Matthew (4/8): We were on this boat being whisked up the Amazon and then we were dropped off at this dock. There were torches, firelight. I said, “Mom, I have a feeling we gotta follow the torchlight into the jungle.” She clung to me… she was really scared. Followed the torchlight to a clearing. There was a table covered with food and drink.
14. Matthew (5/8): We admired the buffet. My relationship with my mom is great. It’s not the conventional mother-son relationship. My mom is tough, my mom is independent.
15. Rob (2/10): Everybody was just in such good mood and not thinking about the game so much after seeing their family.
16. Rob (3/10): Butch was an absolute disaster. I don’t know how much wine he drank but he just got crazy. We had about five bottles of wine-- I’m wearing a Speedo, the girls are in their bikinis. It’s like a rap video. We (...). This (...) had to go to bed ‘cause they were too drunk and I have a feeling that at least one of those two people, uh, soiled themselves.
17. Matthew (6/8): There was some sort of Indian tribe coming towards us.
18. Matthew (7/8): They put on an amazing performance.
19. Matthew (8/8): My mom and I were just mesmerized. The dancing was hypnotic. The music was hypnotic. It was just a great way to end the evening. And my mom and I, we marched out, followed the same path to the water. I gave her a hug, I gave her a kiss and she wished me the best for the rest of the game. It was an incredible experience for my mom. It was an incredible experience for me.
20. Rob (4/10): I really used last night as an opportunity to kiss and make up with the girls because I knew that they hate my guts and I want them just to remember all the fun we had and not all the bad things I did to them. I don’t know why people dwelve on the negative?
21. Rob (5/10): In this game, you want to be standing next to somebody at the end that’s more disagreeable than yourself and I have planned on going to the end of the game with Matthew and I thought that I would be able to beat him ‘cause he’s a spaz. But now, after Matthew yesterday, won the challenge and gave everybody their visit from home-- and for the record, everybody would’ve done that. It’s not like this guy is pa-patron saint of Reward Challenges. But I’m getting to seriously doubt whether he’s a beatable opponent anymore and I may have to cut him off before the final two.
22. Jenna (3/4): He’s a snake, everybody’s gonna know that, and he-- it’s embarrassing. I would be embarrassed to know him because he’s such a slimeball.
23. Jenna (4/4): He’s like a puppet master with those other-- his people in his alliance. He’s just cutting strings off them as he goes along. I have morals and I have ethics. He has none… at all and I refuse to go along with his sh-- crappy plan.
24. Rob (6/10): Now, with the two girls, it’s kinda like I’m hanging out with two ex-girlfriends at the same time that both hate me, and it’s like this whole weird vibe going on and they think I’m a jerk but I’m sorry, I am a jerk and you just didn’t realize it for 31 days!
25. Rob (7/10): Basically, I am an alliance of one. I am a lone wolf in this game, a mercenary, if you will. I just pick up the bottom feeders as I go. They go with me because I promised them the dream of getting to the end. I have told lies in this game. I have lied to people. I have broken promises and I-- they all know that and maybe that’s why they still trust me. Everybody is telling all the time how much they believe me and how much they trust me-- where these guys paying attention the first 32 days?
26. Christy (3/3): Heidi and Jenna, they do kiss my ass but they just want something from me so why would I wanna give ‘em something if Heidi and Jenna hasn’t done anything in return? So they’re, (whispering) “I need to talk to you.” I’m like, “Well, since when do you ever wanted to talk to me?!,” you know? Just because I have the power!
27. Rob (8/10): Right now, my stomach is in a knot. I need about a bottle of Maalox, a fifth of vodka, a pack of cigarettes-- make that a carton of cigarettes ‘cause I don’t know what I’m gonna do right now.
28. Rob (9/10): The threat of Christy defecting, terrifies me, which got me to really start thinking about an alternative scenario.
29. Rob (10/10): This is really crazy stuff to be going on. I can’t believe I’m back in Jenna and Heidi’s good graces. I made the promise to them that I’m not gonna screw them on this, they made a promise to me they’re not gonna screw me on this and let’s see what happens.
1. Jenna (1/4): The hardest thing about the end of this game-- you’re so tired the people that are playing this game and then you have to live with people who you can’t trust and that really does wear on you mentally.
2. Rob (1/9): Amazingly, I really don’t sense any animosity from the two girls, that they really are making it clear that I saved their ass last night and they’re very-- they seem to be very grateful. And now it’s at the point where I’m completely honest with them.
3. Rob (2/9): Telling the girls my plans to vote off Heidi and then Jenna was actually very well received. It seems like people won’t get too mad when you tell them that they just say, “Oh, okay. Cool.” And, uh, I don’t think they have anything up their sleeves.
4. Rob (3/9): I don’t know what Butch’s obsession with firewood is. When Butch wakes up in the morning, the first thing he says is, “We need to go get some firewood.” When he gets back from getting firewood he says, “I think we need to get some more wood.” And he’s adamant about the wood.
5. Rob (4/9): I don’t know how I necessarily became the junior deputy firewood bitch. I don’t want to be a team with Butch.
6. Jenna (2/4): We have so much firewood, it’s everywhere! It’s under the shelter, it’s by the fire. I mean, we have huge logs in our shelter we’re not using anymore. I don’t know what he does, I don’t know if he talks to the wood.
7. Butch (1/3): Our fire is very important. That’s the reason I keep wanting to get some more wood and keep it dry as we possibly can to have it for emergencies. I’m just a wood-crazy nut, I guess.
8. Butch (2/3): This being the last reward, uh, all of us are anticipating it being a big juicy reward.
9. Rob (5/9): I really am very happy for Matthew. I’m very happy that he got to won-win the car and I asked him that if he ever goes to Asia or if he ever returns to the planet that he came from, that he said I can borrow it and go out cruising for chicks.
10. Jenna (3/4): I don’t really know what happened ‘cause I-- we always leave a fire and it's never burned anything down so I guess it just got out of control and burned all the extra wood. Everything’s burned down, the fire shelter is burned down, the extra shelter and our packs were all burned except Heidi’s underneath. I had stuff in my pack that can’t be replaced like my pledge crown, my Zeta jacket can’t be replaced because it’s passed down from sister to sister so I can never get that back.
11. Heidi (1/4): I totally felt guilt about being the only person that had a pack remaining. I mean, most people would be like, “Woohoo! You know, my stuff is still here!” I was like, I wish my stuff would’ve been burnt just like everybody else’s that way I could just, you know, be on the same level with them.
12. Butch (3/3): The first thing that came to my mind was, “God, could it be my fault?” You know, we’ll never know but was it disappointing? Yeah. I lost my sign, uh, “Believe In Yourself,” so now we really gonna have to believe in ourselves and make it through the next five days.
13. Matthew (1/5): It’s just such a great thing to see two really different people with different strategies come together. I mean, I’ve learned in the game through Rob and, uh, he learned survival skills, you know, through watching me and he helped me a lot initially and I’m helping him a lot now.
14. Rob (6/9): I’ve taken us to this point. There’s no more moves I can make. I’ve done all I can do to get us to this point. Matt is the player that’s in the driver’s seat, not me. I’m shotgun right at this point in the game.
15. Matthew (2/5): I’m so stoked that I crafted very strong relationships with both Rob and Butch, and as far as they know, I’m going to the final two with each of them. I feel like I got two options now locked in. Now if I have to choose later on, it’s gonna be difficult and one of them is gonna be stabbed in the back and that will be the first time in the game that I’ve had to do that to get ahead.
16. Rob (7/9): Everything I had to help me with survival is gone… that’s a blow. That really is a blow and outside of somebody getting hurt, that’s the worst thing that could happen to one of us.
17. Matthew (3/5): I believe in fate and this was probably unavoidable. I can see how it happened-- there’s was an awful of woods back there. And I’m not gonna point any fingers because we don’t do that as a tribe, uh… but… in hindsight, it was basically, you know, an inferno waiting to happen.
18. Rob (8/9): I’m not one for conspiracy theories but I do know this: with about a hundred and thirty-seven days worth of dry wood, our camp burned to the ground. Was there a connection? I don’t know. I’m not one to point fingers… (coughs) Butch! (coughs)
19. Matthew (4/5): The plan of attack is not to sleep this morning but to build another fire shelter and what we’ll do differently this time is we won’t be stacking any wood around the fire any longer unless there’s someone here to watch over it very closely.
20. Heidi (2/4): Butch is the person I want voted off. I want Butch to go before me and Jenna. I mean, I feel like we’ve earned it, we worked our butts off, we’ve not been careless, we didn’t burn down the camp. But, uh, the three guys that we’re up against right now, there’s no way-- they are hardcore alliance. There is no way to break that. This morning, I watched the three boys try to rebuild the fire as much as they could, gathering all these beautiful palm fronds and new sticks, and all this stuff, I said to Jenna, “You know, I feel bad for not helping them,” and then I go, “Nah! I really don’t.”
21. Jenna (4/4): We’re not doing any work for them-- why?! You’re gonna vote us off? I wouldn’t do crap for you or making your life easier. I’m definitely grateful they built the shelter ‘cause we need it, ‘cause it rains and we really needed it, but I’m just not-- I won’t help.
22. Matthew (5/5): If I were Heidi, if I were Jenna, I would work real hard and help out at camp… probably convince people that I shouldn’t be the first to go. They are just digging a deeper grave for themselves as far as I’m concerned.
23. Heidi (3/4): Jenna’s physical state right now is not good. I wanna make sure that every possibility, every chance of me staying in this game is here.
24. Heidi (4/4): Definitely, having Jenna voted out before me works to my advantage. Knowing that we have to get ready to vote somebody off makes me want to campaign for her to go off… to the boys.
25. Rob (9/9): There are a couple of different reasons why somebody would wanna vote for Jenna tonight. She’s whining and she’s sick, and those are two things that you should try to avoid at these stages in the game because if you’re willing to put your head on the chopping block, I’m willing to lop it off.
1. Rob (1/10): Voting Heidi out was a tough decision but these last couple of days reminded me of birthday card that had a really hot girl on the front and inside says, “No matter how hot you think this girl is, somebody somewhere is sick and tired of putting up with her crap.”
2. Butch (1/2): Final four, just like in college of basketball final four, it’s big time. It’s still miserable conditions, cold, wet but deep inside, you’re just jumping with joy.
3. Jenna (1/17): To be the final four and be the last woman here is really cool. Like, I’ve accomplished all my goals and then some in this game.
4. Butch (2/2): Jenna wanted to go out last Tribal Council ‘cause Jenna’s been sick but Rob, Matt and myself have formed a very strong alliance and we felt that Heidi would’ve been the biggest threat so we voted Heidi out last night and Jenna knows that she will be voted out next.
5. Matthew (1/15): I think the next three days are gonna be pretty straightforward. Tomorrow we will beat Jenna and send her home and, uh, Butch, Rob and I will just face off in the Final Immunity Challenge and, you know, may the best man win.
6. Matthew (2/15): I’m kind of enjoying the whole process of demolishing our old shelter putting it to good use. There is a sense of closure but our objective today is to load up on wood and maybe get enough wood for three days so we don’t really have to worry about it and spend the last couple of days just enjoying ourselves.
7. Rob (2/10): When this game is over, I think Butch is gonna need to, uh, see a therapist. Even Matthew says, “Really, Butch is psychotic. He’s crazy.” (laughs) And if Matt is saying you’re crazy, you are out of your freakin mind.
8. Jenna (2/17): I still feel sick and I’m not going to get better out here just on manioc but while I’m here, I’m giving a 110% and I’ll give everything that I can to win immunity.
9. Rob (3/10): Butch, Matt and I were gonna be the final three of this game and when Jenna won immunity, it threw all that into chaos. I’ve bitten all my fingernails off, I’m pacing around, I don’t know what exactly I’m gonna do yet but it’s a very scary time in the game for me.
10. Jenna (3/17): It was so great to win immunity. I mean, I needed this to stay in the game, case closed. And now, they gotta change their plan.
11. Matthew (3/15): I don’t know how Jenna feels about who should go. I really don’t know how things are going to unfold. I anticipate that there’s going to be a lot of negotiations this evening.
12. Rob (4/10): Matt and I went through all the scenarios and basically what I told Matt is that we need to vote for Butch and he agreed.
13. Matthew (4/15): Rob is in real trouble. He doesn’t have a great relationship with Jenna, he doesn’t have any relationship with Butch. He’s only real relationship in this game is with yours truly so I’m the only guy who can really, uh, keep him going in this game.
14. Jenna (4/17): Matt comes up to me and said that, you know, “I promise you that I would take you to the final two if I win immunity.” It’s a strategical move on my part but people could still, you know, lie. I mean, Matt could take Rob and that’s fine but he has to remember that I’m on the jury then and he stabbed me in the back.
15. Matthew (5/15): If I win tomorrow’s Immunity Challenge, I would take her to the final two. Now, I would either honor that secret alliance or… (sighs) do some backstabbing.
16. Jenna (5/17): Butch doesn’t want to vote for Matt, Rob doesn’t want to vote for Matt so I have the opportunity to-to kick off someone like Butch who I don’t feel has done any work to get here or Rob, you know, I can get him back for what he did for me.
17. Rob (5/10): After we thought the worst was over between the rain and getting finally dry, we were attacked by moths and they just wanted to crash right into us like kamikaze moths. I don’t know where they all came from, I didn’t see one moth in 37 days but last night, moths were just everywhere.
18. Rob (6/10): When we woke up this morning, we decided to have the biggest breakfast of our 38 days out in the jungle.
19. Rob (7/10): We just got a gift from the Tree Mail gods and we got a scale so we can weigh ourselves. And we’ve all been dying to know just how much we weigh.
20. Matthew (6/15): The scale was in kilos and one kilo is 2.2 pounds so I weighed myself in kilos and converted it back to pounds. I realized that my weight has gone from 173 to 148. And if I lost 28 pounds I think that I have lost most of the fat on my body and that, um, I’m-- right now I’m losing muscle.
21. Rob (8/10): Basically, over the last 38 days, my body has just deteriorated and-and turned against itself. I mean, I’ve lost almost a pound a day for 38 days. I came into this game at about 170 pounds and I think I weigh around like 138 pounds right now… which is ridiculous!
22. Jenna (6/17): I started at 118 pounds and I weigh 99 so that is a lot of weight to lose.
23. Jenna (7/17): That’s not good to lose that much weight but then again it’ll be really fun to gain it all back! (chuckles)
24. Jenna (8/17): Jeff came into camp and he’s like, “What’s up guys?!” And I was like, “Whoa! What is going on?” I thought I was like, in a dreamland.
25. Matthew (7/15): This opportunity to take a ride in a seaplane and go above the canopy and see a lot of the surroundings that really are inaccessible to us was just, uh, just amazing. And we all were so excited and so happy-- it really felt like a reward for all the time that we spent here. We paddled up to the seaplane, climbed in and we were off. We were gone.
26. Jenna (9/17): It’s hard to ex-- to-to really grasp how large the Amazon is and how beautiful it is. It’s unbelievable. It’s really something everybody should try to experience, you know, once in their life.
27. Matthew (8/15): We saw rolling green carpets of jungle and it was such an exhilarating feeling to-to-to get away from camp and to-to take in the surroundings from-from a seaplane, from high above the, uh, jungle floor. Uh, difficult to describe in words.
28. Rob (9/10): For us to have that opportunity, it was really a, uh, a nice time and a chance to enjoy the, you know, the amazing scenery that we’ve been apart of out here. But under the surface, the game is still being played and there’s certainly a strategy going on and this game is pretty far from over.
29. Matthew (9/15): After our plane flight, we boarded a small canoe and navigated through, uh, a weed-choked river to a small hut.
30. Jenna (10/17): We had all these jewelry and beads in there, really cool stuff, and-and flowers that we just put everywhere, and really decorated ourselves really cool, and started to just, like, go crazy and paint each others faces.
31. Rob (10/10): Right now, I don’t know what the Immunity Challenge is gonna be, all I know is the most important Immunity Challenge of this game. So I’m preparing for everything, mental, physical, anything. This one could cost me a million dollars if I’m not successful here today.
32. Matthew (10/15): If Jenna or Rob won the Immunity Challenge and picked me, I wouldn’t have to vote against the-the third person. That third person would most likely favor me over the person who voted them out. It could be a wise strategic move for me to lose on purpose.
33. Jenna (11/17): It’s time for the serious players to be in the game. I really have worked hard to get here. I don’t know who I can beat in the final two, I don’t know what the jury is thinking. Rob burned me, he burned Heidi, he burned Alex, he burned our whole alliance and he-he may be the one easier to beat but it’s out of my hands after the Immunity Challenge so I’m not gonna stress over it.
34. Matthew (11/15): Now it’s Day 39, it’s over, it’s wrap-up time. Yeah, I can say I’m-I’m a bit sad, you know, to see it all kind of, uh, come to an end. it’s just been an amazing, unforgettable experience.
35. Jenna (12/17): The weather’s been horrid, terrible rain so we decided to take a look back and, um, we’re kinda writing everybody’s name in white paint, you know, in the order they got kicked off. It’s just about the memories, the people, all of that because it’s all important.
36. Jenna (13/17): And that sums up fourteen people that have probably changed the rest of our lives that we would’ve never met in real life. It’s just closure to a chapter in our lives that I don’t think will ever be fully closed but we’re just kinda putting the bookmark in it and closing it right now.
37. Matthew (12/15): It feels great that the strategic part of this game is over. It’s been such an incredible evolution for me to go from being an underdog and have everyone gunning for me at every corner and to eventually learn how to build strategy and make it to the final two… it’s almost absurd but somehow I did it.
38. Jenna (14/17): Twenty-one, the youngest Survivor. I don’t think I’ve quite realized what it’s like to be in the final two. I mean, I felt like I worked really hard to get here, and it’s an honor and this is the biggest accomplishment in this game and in my life, and I don’t think it's sunk in yet.
39. Matthew (13/15): I’m absolutely ecstatic to have made the final two. There was certainly luck involved but there was a lot of strategy. I actually threw that Final Immunity Challenge. I did fall off of the perch on purpose. I was convinced that whoever won would select me. It was a huge risk and it does reflect a lot of-of what I’ve learned from Rob because he really is a mastermind at this game.
40. Jenna (15/17): This is not a vacation. When you’re pressed to your limits and you have the high highs and low lows and no in betweens and no one to turn to… this is a real chance to really learn about yourself and learn about how you feel about your life and really learn about other people.
41. Matthew (14/15): I will come out of this with a different perspective on life. I’m a very intense individual, maybe too much so. I should really go out and enjoy life, uh, more than I have. Spend more time watching TV versus how I’ve led my life to date-- for instance, I can spend 20 hours on a weekend studying Swedish.
42. Jenna (16/17): Don’t underestimate people because they’re a woman or because they’re small or skinny or something. Being here taught me that I can push beyond my limits way beyond I ever could think and that is like a valuable life lesson, especially for me being so young. Like, I feel like I can do anything right now… anything that you throw at me, I can handle.
43. Matthew (15/15): I was out fishing and it was the tail end of my fishing trip-- just getting ready to wrap things up when I noticed that, uh, the boat that we’ve been using for the last two weeks was floating nearby. I guess that we forgot to tether it once we, um, boarded the, um, seaplane yesterday. I don’t think we’re gonna be needing it much longer-- it is the 39th day. So I’m gonna tug it back to camp and I’ve got some ideas how we can, uh, use it. My plan is to stockpile some wood inside and plant our Tree Mail dude on top along with some artifacts from our campsite and basically light it on fire and send it off. And I think it’s a great way to get some closure on this whole experience.
44. Jenna (17/17): It’s over, it’s out of our hands. We have done all we can do. The jury will come back tonight with questions-- that’s kind of like our last chance to really cement what we feel about ourselves and them. One last time the jury-- I do feel like the majority of the jury probably already has their decision made by the time they come-- they came there-- I would, you know, um, but it’s out of our hands, really out of our hands right now.
