1. Coach (1/8): I played this game twice. I haven't been successful. This time trying to control my sense of self-righteousness and judgment on the others. I'm back because this is one more shot for me to prove to everybody that I can own this game and that it can be done with honor and integrity.
2. Ozzy (1/9): I've been the guy that's able to climb coconut trees and hunt fish. I've also been really strong in challenges, but I don't think I had the best strategy. This time I'm more mature and I've learned from my mistakes. I need redemption because I feel like I just haven't been able to lock my hands on the million dollars. I've almost been there a few times, I just haven't been able to finish.
3. Cochran (1/8): I'm by far the most Survivor savvy player ever to play the game. I've never missed a single episode. At law school I wrote a prize-winning essay on Survivor.
4. Elyse (1/1): I don't have a great background in outdoorsman activities, but I'm Native American. So I'm hoping that somewhere in my ancestral background, the great spirits (laughs) of my past will impart on me some wisdom.
5. Rick (1/2): I'm 51 years old. I own my own ranch in Utah-- cattle ranch. If you didn't train before you got here, I mean, if you didn't run, if you didn't learn how to build a fire, (blows raspberry) you might as well spit in the wind.
6. Stacey (1/2): I'm 44 years old. I'm a funeral director mortician. I have four children. Being the mother that I am, I'm gonna have my eyes and my ears open. You think I'm asleep, I'm not asleep. I'll be nosy as hell.
7. Brandon (1/6): I am Russell Hantz's nephew. It's like being related to Hitler, but I don't think Hitler's nephew was running around saying, "Hey, I'm Hitler's nephew.” I came out here to change the course of the Hantz family's name.
8. Brandon (2/6): The lady next to me, she goes, "Oh, my God, I hope it's not Russell Hantz." I will never, ever tell them my last name. They're not going to think I'm a Hantz. As long as I keep my shirt on because this tattoo says "Little Hantz" on it (chuckles) and this tattoo says "Hantz" on it.
9. Mikayla (1/2): The helicopter comes in, and all of a sudden you see Coach and you see Ozzy, and of course, off the bat you're like, “Ozzy!” This guy can claim, he can fish. He's fast. He's just an amazing athlete, somebody you want to have on your tribe. And Coach, you know, he is just going to be so loony and out there, he's just going to be nuts.
10. Cochran (2/8): I couldn't have been happier that it was Ozzy on my tribe. Ozzy! Freaking Ozzy from Cook Islands, Fans vs. Favorites. As a huge fan of Survivor it's-it's actually a thrill to be playing with somebody I watched and to some extent idolized.
11. Rick (2/2): I did not want to see Coach's egg bleed blue. It did. I've never, ever seen a dragon slayer, and good God there ain't no dragons. Why hell, he's in his forties, you know? (chuckles) God...
12. Coach (2/8): I'm not feeling a good vibe from the blue tribe. I see one lady that's shooting daggers at me, the one that said we're temporary players. So right away I've got, like, negative vibes. So negative that I kind of grabbed a hold of my cheeks right here (grabs buttocks) and thought, “Hold on for the ride 'cause it's going to be rocky in the beginning. You're going to have to have twice the slayer charm to get through these first couple of days.
13. Ozzy (2/9): I felt like I was received a lot more warmly than Coach and I was actually hoping to go with the red tribe. They look like a good, strong tribe.
14. Coach (3/8): I lost the challenge. My tribe walks off and one person stops and helps me. Everybody else is just, like, “Don't let the door smack your ass on the way out,” essentially. So right off the bat I've got to come face to face with that biggest fear: you're going home first.
15. Ozzy (3/9): I think it's really actually kind of nice to have played this game a few times and know what's up ahead of you. I think that a new tribe like this, looking at me as a returning player, you know, they want me to tell them how to do everything. But... I'm trying to come out here and I'm actually trying to really play a strategic game this time.
16. Semhar (1/3): I got put on the spot. So I immediately had to step up. I'm not going to say that I'm a poet and then not have anything to show for it. So, I think it's important that when people challenge you, that you step up to that so that they know that they can trust you and they know your word is real.
17. Ozzy (4/9): I think Semhar, she's definitely beautiful to look at. When she did her poem, I thought it was beautiful, and I think that she's incredibly talented. I respect Semhar's passion and I think that I would like to have somebody like her alongside me for the long haul.
18. Cochran (3/8): Ozzy suggested, “Let's just kind of have fun in the ocean.” So the only option was to get in, in our underwear, and I was really opposed to doing this.
19. Cochran (4/8): I have this really pale skin. You can practically see through it. I mean, you can see my organs beating underneath my-my skin. So, I wasn't crazy about the idea of going in the water. It's just going to make me look more like a-a pathetic twerp than I already do with my clothes on.
20. Cochran (5/8): I look different from everybody else on my tribe. We have this bevy of-of beautiful bikini babes, these young, beautiful women. I mean, if this is like the 90210 tribe I'm definitely one of the zeroes. What I need to do is focus on the positive, visualize success and just get these negative thoughts out of my head.
21. Coach (4/8): When I lost the challenge, when I got on a tribe that was shooting daggers and giving me the cold shoulder, I was afraid. I was afraid. And so I had to come face to face with that fear. You know, you can't run away from fear. You can't run away from obstacles.
22. Sophie (1/2): I'm a Russian Economics major. Coach, ????????????, which means, like, a pretty formal way to say hello. You know, he's ready to show off what he has. But at the same time, like, you can't deny what the situation is, that Coach has been out here twice before. He knows some things.
23. Edna (1/1): I like Coach. I think he's a team player. He's definitely working well with others. And he's showing us these little tiny tricks, little things like that. So right now I think he's an asset.
24. Christine (1/2): I'm a big fan of Survivor, so I would have to assume that there's a Hidden Immunity Idol somewhere. But so far, nothing. I don't think I need it. But it's nice to have it in your back pocket.
25. Coach (5/8): Christine scares me the most. She said right off the bat, "You are a temporary player." And then she goes looking for the Immunity Idol like crazy. I mean, look, when I got on to this beach I wasn't thinking about an Immunity Idol. I was thinking about putting a shelter together and making this as livable as possible. So no question about it, Christine is target number one.
26. Jim (1/4): Ozzy gave the idea of going to have a dip. I mean, it was the first time we'd had seen this beautiful, beautiful place that we're in. And I was so excited because we've got three girls on our tribe that are hot as hell. Boom, bikini time! Uh... loved it!
27. Jim (2/4): I'm not a teacher. I have an MBA, I've won over twenty poker tournaments and I own two medical marijuana dispensaries. Uh, but I'm not going to tell any of them that. Uh, why would I?
28. Mark (1/2): You know, I'm here for the million dollars just like everybody else, but I'm also here for another reason. I'm older than most of those other guys, and I'm experiencing life free of everything that would restrict me. Being gay, it's who I am and if they don't like it... (scoffs) It's not about being gay. It's about surviving. I'm a guy who's a team player and hopefully they're going to see that and they're going to keep me.
29. Dawn (1/7): It feels like the tribe is really spending this time kind of forming a bond but coming into today, I had these hopes that, you know, we'd be really organized, especially after winning and getting the flint and the food. I-- so in my mind, this day was gonna end with kind of the shelter done.
30. Dawn (2/7): It's probably just-- it takes a while to, like, relax a little bit and let things happen. I have six kids. I'm used to being in charge. It seems like we should have kind of a leader, and for me, Ozzy, um, he's a little Bob Marley to me. You know, I'm a planner (chuckles) and I'm not sure Bob Marley is.
31. Brandon (3/6): I have a tattoo on my neck that says “Loco.” Uh, in Spanish that means crazy. Uh, so right off the bat, people are going to start looking at my neck and, you know, thinking I'm really crazy. At one point in my life I kind of was crazy but, you know, it was-- it was a childish thing I did, you know, I tried to act like Russell in high school. I was bullying everybody. And I'm really not like that, you know, I'm a different person now. I grew up a lot. God is number one for me.
32. Mikayla (2/2): We're doing the shelter, and we needed to get the top done. Me and my brother used to always climb trees when we were younger, so... I got right up there and was just getting to it, and, you know, when the time comes, like, we gotta get down and dirty. Like, this is a game. Like, you can't be a little princess. I don't have patience. I just want to get stuff done so I had no problem just hopping up there, you know, getting my hands dirty.
33. Brandon (4/6): I-I don't feel comfortable around Mikayla. It's just the way that she carries herself. The way that she flaunts herself off. You know, I grew up in the church, and I strayed off for a little bit, and, you know, I've come back to, you know, find God again and he's always been there for me in tough times, me being the young married gentleman. I'm not going to draw close to a situation that I know I can get myself in trouble in. It's-it's not cool for me.
34. Coach (6/8): There was five of us that was sitting out by the canoe. It was just kind of like a feel-out session, get to know everybody. We were talking about everything under the sun for a long time.
35. Coach (7/8): There's not going to be another chance in this game where the five of us can sit down and just talk and so that's why I pounced on it to talk about how we can go and play this game together.
36. Coach (8/8): I think I'm sitting pretty right now. And I sure as hell wasn't at the challenge. I was in a bind. And it's good to see the difference a day makes. But let me tell you something, Coach is here to play the game this time, okay? I'm not going to do anything sneaky or dishonorable but this is Coach 3.0 and I'm here to win.
37. Dawn (3/7): I think Day 2 for me is, like, just starting off a little rocky. I really didn't sleep and so I think I might be having a mini breakdown. I'm going to be okay but I'm, you know, feeling it.
38. Dawn (4/7): Papa Bear is saying, like, we're the oldest ones and that might be part of it, too, because I feel old for the first time in forever. I haven't felt that way ever.
39. Dawn (5/7): I think I kind of woke up today without really being able to contain, like, my emotions. (sighs) And it really is overwhelming.
40. Mark (2/2): Dawn was crying this morning and that scares the crap out of me because Dawn and I are, let's face it, we're older than most people out there. When you cry for anything, crying is viewed as a weakness. But I'll support her. I won't turn my back on her, that's for sure. Because everybody has emotions.
41. Ozzy (5/9): I had a conversation with Dawn, and she's a little bit scattered, a little bit frazzled, a little bit paran-- very paranoid, and whatever I can do to calm her nerves is my job at this point. I am the anchor.
42. Ozzy (6/9): If she can get out of her head and start to trust me she might be a very, very crucial and important ally. But if Dawn doesn't get it together she very well could be going home.
43. Ozzy (7/9): This morning, I'm definitely starting to feel like we need to start getting things together. I know for my own sake that I'm going to be okay but for everybody else, the elements, the stress, the not eating, the daily labor of camp life, it's going to start wearing on people and it already has. But right now, we've really just got to keep a strong tribe. That's just Survivor 101.
44. Ozzy (8/9): I'm a little bit skeptical of Mr. Cochran. I mean, he doesn't seem like he has the most to offer on the physical side of things.
45. Cochran (6/8): You know, I'm not the strongest guy but I think I have enough social game to kind of overcome any-any deficits I have. People seem to like me a lot. Is charm and-and-and some humor enough to really want to keep somebody around? I hope it is.
46. Brandon (5/6): I think my uncle Russell lacked in the social game, definitely. But I'll tell you what, I wanna do what my uncle never did. I'm trying to provide food for my tribe. You know, it's just going to be to my advantage.
47. Brandon (6/6): Even though we got our alliance of five, I will never reveal that I'm Russell Hantz's nephew. As long as I keep my shirt on, as long as I make up an excuse for why I won't take it off, and... I-I've showed them some tattoos but I'll definitely never show them this one (points to left shoulder) or this (points to upper back) one. I don't want to be judged by my uncle's reputation.
48. Sophie (2/2): I think I have a really great advantage right now because I have a strong alliance where I really think, at least a couple of people there, are really, really sincere. Uh, Brandon, I'm a little more worried about only because I have this gut feeling-- I feel like he's hiding something.
49. Jim (3/4): I'm pissed that we lost. She shoots two baskets and she want a sub? It's not tag team wrestling, it's Survivor. She chose, she was adamant about what she wanted to do. She did it. She failed. There's no reason to keep Semhar.
50. Christine (2/2): We won the challenge today but I think underneath this celebratory tone there is an uneasiness because Jeff mentioned that the Immunity Idol clue hidden at camp. People now know that the game has started, and it might just get ruthless.
51. Stacey (2/2): That Hidden Immunity Idol is here somewhere. It's a lot of somewhere it could be. Turning over rock, looking up high, in big trees, looking in the holes of the trees. I've been looking. Probably being right in our face and we don't even know it. I probably could have already stumbled over it and don't even know it. I probably have already. Could probably be right there.
52. Semhar (2/3): Something that might hold me back from this game is the fact that I'm extremely honest. I either love you or hate you and you're probably gonna know. I know it wasn't smart to go off on Jim in front of everyone. I'm not safe at all. It's fact, you know, I didn't do well at the last part of the challenge. I'm not going to deny that.
53. Dawn (6/7): Having started the game in a way that was, you know, pretty emotional, I think there's a real possibility that the tribe is going to look at me and say that outbreak, being emotional like that, is a liability for the tribe. But I'm hoping people will base their decisions on, you know, today forward, especially with the conflict today with, um, Semhar and Jim.
54. Dawn (7/7): My gut tells me right now that the timing of Tribal Council being so close and then the argument at camp, that it might be Semhar going home.
55. Ozzy (9/9): You got Cochran on one hand that did-- really is not showing much in the physicality sense and then you got Semhar on the other. She basically blew the challenge for us, but it's not fair to blame Semhar in this-- in this situation.
56. Jim (4/4): Sem knows that she's on the chopping block tonight. Here's my concern, Ozzy wants her around for a reason and it's round one and it scares me that he already has a reason to keep her around. I'm concerned that Ozzy might get in an alliance with all the girls. He's got charm. I can see that happening. But Semhar is pretty much useless. Her body is mesmerizing but it's not hypnotizing and it blows my mind that Ozzy might be actually factoring in that snuggle factor. It's a million dollar decision.
57. Cochran (7/8): My Achilles heel is crippling insecurity and anxiety and it's heartbreaking to learn that apparently Ozzy is saying I'm the weakest person and that they should get rid of me for that. So, uh, right now I'm in-- I'm in high alert, paranoia mode, just-- and extremely depressed, really. I… To be the first person kicked off?! The first person when I'm on a tribe with Papa Bear and Semhar and all these girls?! It's like, this is insulting!
58. Cochran (8/8): This is a nightmare. It started out as a dream, but it-it really is a nightmare now. Tribal Council tonight is going to suck. I'm not looking forward to it. I'm probably going to hear, "The tribe has spoken," my torch is going to be snuffed. I'm going to be sent to Redemption Island like an idiot. It's just-- it's just a sad conclusion to my Survivor story. This is how it goes.
59. Semhar (3/3): I’m not even so upset that I was sent here. I’m more upset that my tribal members lied to me. It shows me how fake they are. I don’t understand how people can be so cold hearted. 
1. Semhar (1/2): Definitely, like, a big part of this game is, like, keeping your mind in check and it's really hard to do that when you feel abandoned by your team. I gave them my every last strength, and they sent me to Redemption Island. Figures.
2. Semhar (2/2): And maybe I'm just being over-emotional but I just have abandonment issues. I don't understand how people can be so cold hearted. (sniffles) But one of the ways that I've turned my pain into positivity is through poetry. “Sometimes I wonder if I really miss you or if I just miss feeling loved, cared about, and important. You walked away untouched and unbruised, still feeling complete off the love I gave you while I was left to cry. I'll never understand how men like you can cause so much damage or even worse, how women such as myself can even stand it. I don't miss you. I miss feeling loved.”
3. Cochran (1/3): Tribal Council was kind of a disaster for me. I went into this sort of fight-or-flight mode. I guess I chose fight which didn't necessarily have the outcome I wanted even though I did stay in the game. My tendency to kind of just get in this anxious debate mode wasn't helpful and I'm going to have to turn on the cool, mellow Cochran, instead of the kind of antsy, uh, paranoid, nerd kid that I think I've been for the last few days.
4. Ozzy (1/3): Tonight we decided we're going to let Cochran try and redeem himself. I really identify with his passion to play this game. But at the same time, he needs to understand that if you don't put in the effort around camp and you don't put in the effort in the challenges, then you might be the next one to go.
5. Keith (1/2): I really do like Ozzy a lot. I think that an alliance with Ozzy could be the best bet to stay strong physically, but Ozzy's played the game before, and he's in it to win it just as much as we are. So, I have to watch him like a hawk.
6. Coach (1/9): Initially, things didn't look good for The Dragon Slayer. Right off the bat I'm already on the outs with my tribe. However, I feel like I have been given a second chance. Now I've got a solid alliance with Rick, Sophie, Brandon, and Albert. But when it comes to friends, you can never have too many, and Edna, she's the only one who helped me on the first day, so maybe I'm just a big fool but she seems like a genuinely nice person.
7. Edna (1/1): I think my place in this tribe is probably the bottom. I'm not one of these physically strongest girls in the tribe and so I need to align myself with a stronger male player and, Coach, I think he's a strong player. He has a history of playing well, so I wanted to solidify my relationship with him.
8. Coach (2/9): Loyalty sometimes outweighs strength in this game. So it's my job to protect her.
9. Cochran (2/3): This is all part of the new, uh, era of Cochran. It's the-the Cochran that cuts coconuts without being asked to do so. My mom's going to have mixed feelings about the new Cochran. She'll be thrilled I'm taking initiative and doing work but the first thing she said when she found out I was going to be doing, uh, Survivor is, “I don't want you handling a machete without supervision.” I appreciate her advice but “New Cochran” doesn't follow mommy's advice all the time. He cuts open a coconut when he needs to, and he does it by himself with a machete. And delicious. I'm gonna share with the tribe. I need to make them think of me less as the liability and drain on the tribe and more as a potential Survivor.
10. Cochran (3/3): I'm certainly never going to become the big provider. I know I'm never going to be Ozzy. I'm never going to be Keith. I'm never going to be Jim but I can at least be a new Cochran.
11. Ozzy (2/3): I'm pretty sure the idol is already on this beach. And we don't have a clue yet at this point, so I'm just trying to keep my eyes peeled for any sort of, uh, any sort of weird sign that there might be idol placement. I'm thinking somewhere up in a tree or maybe hidden in a stump somewhere. Can't be too sure.
12. Ozzy (3/3): Three times around, you start learning what to look for. Rocks in trees are a good sign that you've found something good! Find another hiding spot. I've had one of these little guys in my possession before and I was stupid enough not to play it. I really squandered the opportunity to get really far in that game. I am sure as hell not ever going to let that happen this time. But can't let anybody know that I have the idol. If anybody senses that I have the idol, there's a very strong possibility that they're going to try and flush it out. So, if I can make it to the merge and I could use it in an opportune moment, this might be my ticket to the win.
13. Brandon (1/5): I really like Coach. I think he's a really good guy and he's played the game twice with honor and integrity, and I want to play the same way. But in the back of my mind the whole time, I'm thinking to myself, “Man, how, you know, ungodly or how much of a hypocrite do I look like having made an alliance with Coach and he doesn't even know that I'm Russell Hantz's nephew?” And it just didn't feel right. In the Bible it says, “If you have a problem with your brother, go to him and tell him.” And I've kind of not done that, man. Lying to Coach is tearing away at everything I believe in. And I'd rather people know me for me.
14. Coach (3/9): So I take a walk with Brandon and he tells me that his uncle is my number one nemesis, Russell Hantz. My jaw literally drops. I mean, it was like, you know, “This can't be.” And then I had a sinking feeling in my stomach because Russell Hantz told me as a man of God, as a Christian man, we're going to play this game together and he voted my ass off the next time he could, so it scared me.
15. Brandon (2/5): Coach played the game with my uncle. Gave his word and it didn't work out but I don't plan on stabbing Coach in the back. Um, he's my alliance and I'm a man of my word.
16. Coach (4/9): I've been watching Brandon from the first day 'cause I felt like we had a connection right off the bat. And, clearly, he has nothing to gain by telling me that information. So I think that he's true to his word.
17. Coach (5/9): So it's going to go one of two ways. It's either going to be Coach Wade, duped once again in Survivor or it's going to be redemption for the Hantz family. I hope it's the latter.
18. Jim (1/2): It's Day 4, we're hungry, and so me, Ozzy, and Keith we went out on a fishing trip. It's a lot of fun to have the guys out there doing their thing and don't think it happened by chance. I'm a world poker tour champion and so I'm already thinking a few moves ahead. You wanna amass as many chips as you can for the coming weeks and for-- really, for the rest of the game. And so with the fishing trip, it gave me a chance to put in place my three-plus-two plan. The three-plus-two plan is the three guys, me, Keith, and Ozzy as the core, until the end, and then the plus-two are the two girls that we like, which are Elyse and Whitney.
19. Keith (2/2): Jim has made this little alliance of the five that he wants to go to the merge. And he really doesn't suspect that me and Ozzy were already talking to, you know, each other which is great 'cause it lets him think he's in control.
20. Jim (2/2): I like the plan we have in place. I'm the orchestrator of this plan. I put this plan together. I'm the architect. I feel at this moment that we have the next three people that are going to be going home, kind of, already set. Obviously, Cochran, Dawn, and Papa Bear. Each for their own idiosyncrasies or weaknesses. They-they just don't fit in. I mean, I've always been the kid that doesn't always fit in, and so I know how that feels, and I'm probably the least of the cool kids. I mean, I'm at the cool kids' table but I'm barely at the cool kids' table. So I feel like I've done as good of a job right now as I can do.
21. Mikayla (1/2): At home, I bartend and I also play on a professional women's football league. It's full tackle. We hit as hard as the guys so they think I'm a pretty tough chick. I am kind of a tomboy so if you see me at camp, you know, I'm right in there with the guys doing all the dirty work. The hardest part of the game is the social aspect. You gotta have thick skin. You can't be a little princess. I don't see myself as a girlie-girl. Guys see me as a strong, just solid person and I think that's going to help me in this game.
22. Brandon (3/5): There's a particular person I really don't like in this game, and her name is Mikayla. I-I don't feel comfortable around her. You could tell the way she acts just,"I'm going to be a model," and, you know, blah, blah, blah, and I call her Parvati, because she's using her seductive ways and her young girl attitude to kind of get people in and get attention. It's the ones that are good looking and seductive that you want to get rid of. Being a married man, I have to stay away from that kind of stuff. I've made some pretty bad decision in the past, but I swear to you, I will get her voted out of this game. Ain't no chick in this world getting in the way of me, my family, and a million dollars. Ever.
23. Christine (1/7): At the last challenge, Jeff told us that there's a Hidden Immunity Idol clue somewhere at camp. No one is looking for it, so I decided to see if I can find this clue. Whether there's a target on my back, I don't know. But I would feel more comfortable if I had it in my pocket.
24. Christine (2/7): One particular tree looked very interesting, and it had a lot of ins and outs and crevices and little hiding areas. Out of the corner of my eye something looked just out of place. A stick wouldn't grow in this one particular area. I said, “That's so weird!” And I went back to look at it, (gasps) and I found the clue.
25. Christine (3/7): I'm freaking out! Ugh! I have to-- I have to focus. I have to refocus. Because now I have this clue, and I don't know what to do. Do I tell them? Do I not tell them? I don't know what to do.
26. Brandon (4/5): We were really over-confident in this challenge. You get too cocky and you get knocked off your pedestal. So now, we gotta vote somebody out and I'm gonna make sure that Mikayla goes home tonight.
27. Christine (4/7): We lost the challenge today and the reward. It started out well, but the guys were kind of just, you know, walking and... I think they could've had quicker feet. So now we have to vote somebody out. I just hope it's not me going home tonight.
28. Coach (6/9): We need to flush the idol if the idol is out there. So that's why we gotta split the votes. We're gonna put three votes to Christine because I haven't forgotten what Christine said on Day 1, "Coach is a temporary player." That really pissed me off, plus I haven't forgiven her for running around looking for the Hidden Immunity Idol. And then Christine and Stacey are thick as thieves, so will get one or the other.
29. Coach (7/9): Mikayla's our strongest female player but Brandon has a wife and family and I think she makes him uncomfortable. Young, good-looking girl, I understand. But to vote her off immediately? Come on. I just think that he has demons that we don't know about that he's facing on a daily basis.
30. Sophie (1/1): For some reason or other, Brandon wants to vote out Mikayla. I don't know what his deal is. Maybe Brandon is threatened by Mikayla 'cause she's a strong woman and if that's the case, it worries me because I think that I'm quite strong as well.
31. Mikayla (2/2): It's just like a mad scramble right now, and then all of a sudden they think that I'm not trustable. I'm like, “Are you kidding me?! I didn't even do anything.” But I'm like, “You've gotta be kidding me!”
32. Christine (5/7): We're just about ready to leave for Tribal, and I have no idea what's going on. I mean, you're supposed to vote off the weak, so I was leaning more towards Edna, but now, it might be me for all I know.
33. Christine (6/7): Brandon told me to vote for Mikayla, and, honestly, it confused me. Why Mikayla? It makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. I'm just worried about myself right now. I have a Hidden Immunity Idol clue and I think my heart says, “You better start looking.”
34. Brandon (5/5): I hate to do this to people but I just walked up to Coach, and I lied to him. If Christine and Stacey vote for Mikayla it's because I told them to. Look, I don't like Mikayla. I don't trust her. She's got every guy around here wrapped around her finger but me, and it's just not going to happen. Mikayla will be going home tonight.
35. Coach (8/9): I hear that Christine and Stacey are going to vote for Mikayla and that pisses the heck out of me because she's done nothing wrong. But Brandon just wants to control the situation and if he wants an outcome, he's willing to risk x, y, and z to get that outcome.
36. Coach (9/9): I hope and pray that the six people that I've aligned myself with have the character that I've judged them for. If not there's going to be an ass-whipping at Tribal Council tonight.
37. Christine (7/7): I have to tell you, I don't know what happened in Tribal, but I think Coach had a heavy hand in the voting process. I don't know what Coach had in mind. I don't know what his problem was but he's a tool. 
1. Christine (1/3): I have to tell you, I don't know what happened at Tribal. I think my tribe was not ready for someone who wanted to play the game right out of the box.
2. Christine (2/3): I think Coach just had it out for me from the beginning and he was going to do whatever it took to get me out, and he succeeded. At least, this Redemption Island gives me another chance to get back into it. It's not over yet. Fat lady has not sung.
3. Mikayla (1/2): Tribal council was nuts tonight. I didn't expect to see, you know, Brandon to be the one that was saying, you know, “Let's vote for Mikayla.” You know, I was just like, “Wow!” I literally just thinking, “What did I do? What did I do?” I-I couldn't pinpoint a thing. Brandon may seem like he's just some little country boy but he's stirring stuff up and I'm really not happy about it. But Coach came out and took the heat off of me and I hope that he stays off me.
4. Brandon (1/5): I was almost 150% sure Mikayla was going home. The plan backfired. It was a blatant lie, and I regret ever doing that. I came into this game not wanting to be like my uncle Russell and-and his reputation that he has of being a villain on Survivor. I wanted to be a hero. I wanted to be someone that you could look up to. I'm guilty, completely guilty of the way that I acted, and I reap what I sow, man.
5. Coach (1/4): So we just got a Tree Mail inviting us to Redemption Island. I'll go to the duel today with Stacey. The best part of this day would be if Christine lost because I don't want her at any point in time coming back to the game.
6. Christine (3/3): Coach was at the duel to see if I would lose. He's just a dope. I'm hoping that I-I pull a Matt and have a run here and then get back in. I know I'll win.
7. Brandon (2/5): This morning, God was chastising me big time. He was not pleased with me. I was not pleased with me, and I know my family wouldn't be pleased with me. I lied blatantly. I knew that my tribe would believe me, and I lied to 'em. They wanted Christine to go home, but I knew I wanted Mikayla to go home. There's just certain things that I can't allow myself to continue on. I don't wanna lie anymore. I don't want to play games anymore with these people.
8. Mikayla (2/2): He comes out and says he's Russell's nephew. I'm like, “Whoa!” Oh, not as surprised me, there was something behind this kid. You say you don't want to lie but you just-- you keep doing it. I think that's like an easy out for him. Like, if he does something bad and he goes, "Guys, well I told you, that's not me.” So maybe he's trying to cover his tracks before he makes them. But, um, I don't trust him. I think he's a sneak. I don't understand what his problem is with me.
9. Brandon (3/5): I'm Brandon Hantz. I'm me. I love God. I love Jesus Christ, and, uh, I'm-- I shouldn't be ashamed of the fact that I'm a different person than my uncle.
10. Coach (2/4): Brandon told the tribe that he was Russell Hantz's nephew. A mistake, in my opinion, but he needed to get it off his chest and, you know, that shows Brandon's age a little bit. He lets things get to him and it can weigh him down.
11. Coach (3/4): Brandon is a valuable asset in my alliance. I still trust Brandon, absolutely, but it's just maybe not in with both feet now.
12. Mark (1/4): We have a good camp life. We have food, we have shelter, people get along. But the reality is, in every tribe, there's a pecking order. I think the minority is me, Cochran, and Dawn. Me and Dawn for age, and Cochran Because he just... is the nerdy kid nobody hung out with in school. Sorry, John. I just didn't click with anyone here. I don't know why. So every challenge is important to me. I am not safe at all.
13. Ozzy (1/3): So, five person alliance right now is myself,Keith,Whitney, Elyse,and Jim. But i think Keith and I, we have, like, a sort of a brother-type thing going on. There's gotta be a certain point where I have to trust somebody with the knowledge that I have the idol, and who better than Keith? I just think that he's going to be a strong ally, and as far as I know, he's really trustworthy.
14. Keith (1/1): I'm mad that Ozzy has the idol 'cause it gives him all the power, or most of the power right now. And, you know, it gives him the better holds on the alliance. So I told Whitney because I want her to trust me just in case down the line, you know, something were to happen where, you know, I needed numbers 'cause, you know, I thought Ozzy might be making a move.
15. Brandon (4/5): Mikayla was coming at me like a bulldog, like she was gonna attack me. But as a Christian, I'm supposed to be meek. I'm supposed to turn the other cheek.
16. Sophie (1/1): God, oh, my God! I was in so much shock. We all didn't say anything after that. He's a loose cannon and there's a lot of tension between Brandon and Mikayla. In his biblical terms, he'd probably call her like, “The Whore of Babylon.” I think Brandon right now, is just really torn between following whatever crazy religious beliefs he has, and yet at the same time, he, like, inherently in his bloodline, is a devious jerk.
17. Brandon (5/5): I was told by my pop-pop, by my dad, “Do not lose your temper.” And-and it's plain and simple, you know? Being a Christian, I, eh, I shouldn't have lost my temper. I should have been able to control myself, I should have been, uh, and I didn't. I failed. (tearfully) I just let my flesh get a hold of me. I mean, I-I struggle every day. This-this is like a constant battle for me. Good-evil, good-evil, good-evil, and... I really want to do good. (holds back tears) Just, Lord, please don't let me sin anymore.
18. Coach (4/4): This situation greatly concerns me. It is the epitome of snafu. I'm worried that Brandon's outburst causes uneasiness in the tribe, uneasiness in the alliance, and we are all hoping and praying that Brandon has no further such outbursts. It's a different kind of aggression than Russell had, but it's an aggression nonetheless.
19. Jim (1/2): Papa Bear is the weakest person on the team. It's not even that he's a zero. He-he-he slows us down. He should have been the first one out.
20. Ozzy (2/3): We lost the challenge today, and it-it does suck. It-it-- it's really bad for morale. We're going to Tribal Council tonight and we've got to vote somebody off, and that means cutting people that aren't really that good at challenges. Dawn did a great job today, man. She kicked ass. So, it's basically between Papa Bear and Cochran.
21. Cochran (1/3): Ozzy approached me and-and said we're-we're going to tell Papa Bear that it's you, but it's really gonna be Papa Bear. The fact that my name keeps coming up is-is very upsetting. I don't want to be sent to Redemption Island. I know a lot of people kind of view it as a chance to get back in the game. I view it as a chance for, you know, extended failure and just, uh, more depression. So I-I might just do some last-minute scrambling. The problem is I already have this reputation as the nervous, neurotic scrambler. If I resurrect that before another Tribal Council, I think it's going to hurt me. So, I, ugh... I-I just-- I just don't want to go home.
22. Mark (2/4): They say it's Cochran tonight. I'm not an idiot. Papa Bear is on the chopping block big time. You know they say, "Oh, you're okay, you're okay," obviously, to stop me from asking. It's Cochran Cochran tonight. Sure, I believe that. I'm an ass. I'm looking for the idol. It's my only hope at this point.
23. Elyse (1/2): So, I'm on my way to the shelter, and Papa Bear goes in a dead sprint from the water to the woods. And Papa Bear doesn't sprint, ever. So I'm like, “Uh, did anybody else see that?”
24. Elyse (2/2): He's up to something. So Jim and I walked into the woods, and just kind of peaked around. And he's just like, digging through the dirt, little gopher, and he's still at it. Wouldn't it be wild if he found that clue or the idol?
25. Mark (3/4): I'm in an emergency situation. I searched for the idol everywhere, I couldn't find it. So the best thing I can do is make them think I have the idol and play them and hopefully they vote for John. But I'm going to play it like I found it, and I'm not going to show them. I'm just going to make it like I found it. And hopefully, this works.
26. Cochran (2/3): Apparently Jim and Elyse had seen Papa Bear frantically digging for something, uh, near a tree. About five minutes later, Papa Bear comes waltzing into camp with this big smile on his face and an extra-large bulge in his underpants and, you know, he clearly wants us to think he has the idol.
27. Jim (2/2): Papa Bear came to me and said he has the idol. So, all of a sudden, we have a variable in there. Let's say he does have the idol. Why not protect against that? So, the plan might have to change 'cause Cochran could go home tonight.
28. Cochran (3/3): I hope my tribemates see through the charade, but my fear is that even if they don't really believe him, it's no sweat off their back to just shift their vote to me instead of Papa Bear and I'd be screwed.
29. Ozzy (3/3): It's incredibly funny to watch everybody scrambling around, stressed out that Papa Bear might have the idol. I mean, I already have it. I can't let anyone else know that I have the idol. I'm just hoping that nothing goes wrong.
30. Mark (4/4): No votes when they're against you, are fair. I don't think I deserved to go home today. I think Cochran deserved to be on Redemption Island. My strategy right now is to do every duel I can successfully. And if I get back into the game, I'm going to go to the blue team because I'm not going to go back to the same team that just voted me out. I'm not stupid. 
1. Jim (1/2): I'm kind of thinking right now that maybe Elyse and Ozzy have a tighter bond than is realized. I know the game well enough to know a pair is very, very powerful. And the thing is, Ozzy's powerful enough as a physical presence in this game, but you can't get him that physical presence and that voting presence because then he would have run it like Rob did last year. So I started thinking, I'm not going to get Ozzy out. Elyse's got to go.
2. Cochran (1/3): Jim's kind of a sketchy character. He has a used car salesman smile, pearly white teeth that are suspiciously white to me, but he wants Elyse gone next which is absolutely music to my ears. If Elyse goes first, that buys me another three days and who knows what Ozzy is going to do?
3. Brandon (1/2): This game to me, is so jacked up when it comes to people's feelings. I came into this game with good intentions, but it was ruined by my pride. I let my pride get to me. I started gravitating towards lying to people, and everyday is a struggle. It's-it's-it's-- I can't tell you tomorrow that I won't get upset, but from here on out, I've decided to be a better person, a better-- a better player, a better Survivor.
4. Mikayla (1/2): You know, I understand, like, you're doing the right thing by apologizing, but, dude, like, maybe you should think two or three times before you talk. Because it's just, like, he does the thing that he should've done and he apologizes. It just makes him look like a fool. But his uncle, look who his uncle is. That's-that's what always gets me-- look who his uncle is!
5. Edna (1/4): Brandon pulled me aside and said that I was actually not part of the alliance of six. He said that the other five people in the alliance had basically just tolerated me and that given the opportunity, I'd be the next to go. It was a terrible feeling because you-- you're believing that you're part of this group, and it's-it's easier to believe a lie sometimes than it is to accept the truth.
6. Dawn (1/4): Being Mormon, I've never felt comfortable swimming in my underwear and bra. I just have not felt comfortable doing that. I don't even know if mine are see through!
7. Jim (2/2): Cochran and I are leaving. I want to go but at the same time, I don't like Cochran and I both going at the same time because nobody knows Cochran and I are together. And guilt by association... not a way to win this game.
8. Dawn (2/4): I honestly think the thing that's concerned me most in-in the game is my age. As I looked at the other people that are going to be playing in the game, you know, I was thinking to myself, “Am I Rudy on this tribe?!” I mean, I loved Rudy but for forty, I'm on the old side. But I feel like I have to show the Savaii tribe what I can do because I think that there are some really comfortable pairings and groupings and those may already be alliances, uh, so I feel like it's absolutely critical for me to perform, no question. I can't be the weakest.
9. Ozzy (1/1): If you plan on going far in this game, you definitely try to think a few steps ahead, but Jimmy's trying to play the strategy point too much.
10. Dawn (3/4): While Cochran and Jim were walking out, the first thing Ozzy said was, "We're not going to talk strategy," and he was kind of mocking Jim, you know, “Don't think too much strategy.” But I'm not sure that's how I've seen Ozzy play the game in the past. I think he's strategizing. He's just done it somewhere else, or at a different time and place, and so, he doesn't want us strategizing and that just irks me to no end.
11. Christine (1/1): I want the spectators to see that I'm not out... at all. And I'm still in it, and there's still fight left in me, and they'll see it. If that's what they want to see, that's what they're going to get.
12. Edna (2/4): Knowing what Brandon told me is going to make me more cautious of trusting the other individuals in my alliance, so for me it's important to be cordial and polite.
13. Edna (3/4): It's a social game and I have to emphasize the social game aspect of my strategy because physically, I can't win against those people.
14. Stacey (1/6): Oh, Edna is like ricochet rabbit. The girl go on and on and on and on. Does she have an off switch? I don't think she has an off switch. She needs to be disconnected. That's what she needs to be, disconnected.
15. Mikayla (2/2): Edna asks so many darn questions. At one point you might as well answer just to shut her up! You know, yesterday Rick was talking about just how he goes hunting and he shot like a, you know, buffalo. (imitating Edna) “How many times do you shoot him? What do you shoot him with? Where do you aim for? What did dah dah dah?” Are you really ever, Edna, gonna go hunting for buffalo? No, so don't worry about it. Zip it. And her little laugh. Ugh! It's going to haunt me when I get home.
16. Stacey (2/6): (imitates Edna's laugh) “Heh heh heh heh heh. Heh heh heh heh.” Shut up. Oh, my God!
17. Cochran (2/3): Jim and I developed a good partnership moving forward. But numerically, it doesn't seem completely straightforward that we're going to be able to get rid of Elyse 'cause right now there's only Jim and I who are on board with voting out Elyse. So we're going to have to find somebody that's going to be willing to do this or else we're screwed.
18. Cochran (3/3): And it turns out Dawn is also kind of on the same page and wants Elyse out, and for somebody like me, who thrives on, you know, big strategic moves and-and loves seeing that in-in a game like Survivor, you know, I've been dying to be a part of something like this. Getting rid of Elyse is gonna devastate Ozzy and it might make the other pretty people feel a little bit less secure. This is finally going to be the time when the Savaii tribe makes a move that's going to change the course of the game and it's going to surprise a lot of people.
19. Dawn (4/4): I've been through a tough Day 1, Day 2, came back feeling really strong and like I had a lot to contribute and then to be the last person standing in that challenge today, I almost didn't believe it. It felt so good. I couldn't breathe.
20. Stacey (3/6): The challenge we didn't win, but I think I did just fine. I held up a hundred and forty pounds so I do believe I proved to them that I have strength, more than anyone of the girls. But, you know, last Tribal Council, I got some votes. So it could be me, could not be me. That's what a blindside is. I could be blindsided.
21. Edna (4/4): I feel pretty confident within my alliance, but at the same time, I have that little voice in me that says everybody perceives me as the weakest link in the tribe. And so I just... want to make sure that I'm absolutely safe and I won't feel safe until after Tribal tonight.
22. Stacey (4/6): Edna is like on an Easter egg hunt right now. She is scrambling like scrambled eggs in a hot skillet right now. What do you think? You ain't talked to me since Day 1. And now all of a sudden you want to talk to me 'cause you know it's either me or you? They should vote out Edna over me. Look how much I lifted today. Could Edna lift twenty? I doubt it. You know, bones on bones can't, you know, bones can't lift too much if it's all just skeleton with the bone.
23. Stacey (5/6): I'm not buying Coach's BS at all. That loyalty, game playing stuff, I don't-- I don't buy that whatsoever. But you know, I'm not giving up. Oh, it's like a job, I ain't quitting. So, I'm not a really big liar. I have to lie while I'm here. I gotta lie to kick it, and what that means is I gotta lie to try to get in to fit in. You lie to kick it with the next man.
24. Brandon (2/2): Stacey came up to me and said, “You really gotta keep your eye out for Mikayla, Sophie, and, um, Albert.” I would really like to think that everybody's keeping their promises as far as the final five, but it's Survivor, everyone's out for theirselves. It's a really selfish game so you gotta do what you have to do to win.
25. Sophie (1/1): I thought I had a five strong plus, you know, Edna alliance going. And it seems like we're going to have to do some reshuffling only because our alliance is based on trust, and just because you're in it doesn't mean we're, you know, we're always going to trust you. We'll trust you until you do something wrong and right now it looks more and more like Brandon is just a small, small, you know, Russell Hantz.
26. Coach (1/1): I think that Brandon is a great guy, and I want to be with Brandon every step of the way, but I'm worried that he is going to kick over the kettle at the most inopportune time and ruin the game for everybody, and that's why I have to also protect myself. I have to remember that I'm out here for the third and possibly final time, and this has gotta be my game, and I can't let anybody or anything mess it up.
27. Stacey (6/6): Tribal was a joke today. And they talk about loyalty? You need to be loyal to nobody but God. They over there being loyal to their God, which is Coach. Whenever this redemption trial comes I'm gonna spill everything that's going on over there. 
1. Stacey (1/1): Tribal was so fake, it was so fake. That is not one big happy family on the blue tribe. Coach come on here, and he try to act like he just all holier than thou. He is nothing but a joke. At the duel, I'm gonna start up a bee's nest and let the red tribe know that Coach is in control over there. I'm gonna spill everything that I know is going on over there.
2. Brandon (1/2): Tribal Council was emotional, man. The way that Mikayla answered Jeff's question when he asked what she doesn't like about me the most, she said, "I don't like he's a Hantz," it was pretty prejudiced. The way she handled that shows that she had very little class at that time. (tearfully) You know, these are real people out here. They've got real-- they have feelings, you know? And, uh, I don't care what people think about me. It doesn't matter. I mean, I'm a good person. I'm a good guy. And, you know, if I can't win the game like that, then I don't need to win it.
3. Coach (1/6): Today, Christine and Stacey are battling it out and the other tribe could get intel from us. That's what I'm most afraid of today, and I'm hoping when Albert comes back with Mikayla, that he says that Stacey and Christine kept their mouth shut.
4. Albert (1/3): Benjamin's been doing everything and Albert is his right-hand man. Those were things I thought we were going to be able to keep under-under the radar pretty well. It just pisses me off because it makes us look bad in front of the other tribe and I know Coach is going to be pissed.
5. Coach (2/6): Stacey just went on a rant. Stacey said Coach is running the show, so now at the merge I'm probably going to be hit number one. It-it just ruins my day. It sucks. Could this day get any worse?
6. Elyse (1/2): The alliance between me, Ozzy, Keith, Jim, and Whitney is still pretty strong. We haven't even had to talk about the vote and what it will come down to at the next Tribal Council, which is great if you're one of us. And then there's Ozzy and myself, I'm kind of just following his lead. I believe that he can take me far in the game and I think that we see the game the same way. We feel the same way about the alliance, about the merge, about making it far. Um, we're pals.
7. Cochran (1/4): I work my ass off around camp, even though I'm not a big provider like Ozzy or anybody. I'm working hard, and then to see Ozzy and Elyse sleeping in every single day, they're still wrapped up in their-- in their love blanket, you know, well into the early or late morning. I'm finding every little thing about them irritating now.
8. Jim (1/4): Ozzy made one big mistake and he revealed that if he were Coach, he would get rid of Albert. That's huge information 'cause if Ozzy is saying that Coach should get rid of one of the stronger people on his tribe, that's saying that Ozzy should get rid of one of the stronger people in his tribe. Those two strong people are me and Keith. Once I heard that, I knew what I had. Nothing sells like fear. I'm going to put that fear in Keith, tell him to get Elyse gone next.
9. Albert (2/3): The duel was definitely painful to hear some of the things that were said-- not painful personally, but painful towards my cause. Despite how Stacey is not the sharpest tool in the shed she still said that Coach and me are running things and I'm gonna have a target on my back once we come to this merge. They're going to try to get me out because they're gonna see me as a threat. So, that clue is still out there and that idol is still out there and I need to find it now. The clue!
10. Albert (3/3): The clue kind of told me the location of the idol is somewhere on the beach, where the tide comes in kind of high, and it's somewhere up out of reach in a tree. And just one by one, I'm going tree after tree after tree. The more I'm looking, I'm starting to get a little flustered. So I figured, eh, I can kill two birds with one stone. I can kind of further garnish Coach and Sophie's trust by letting them in on this idol and I can also have them be helpers for me to find the idol 'cause frankly, I think I can't do this by myself.
11. Coach (3/6): Albert couldn't find the Hidden Immunity Idol but he's found a clue. He didn't want to tell the whole alliance and so only the three of us know about the clue, Albert, Sophie and I. It'll be our little secret.
12. Coach (4/6): You want to do a job right, you do it yourself. So I just said to myself, “I've got to take this into my own hands.”
13. Coach (5/6): Coach Wade has found the Hidden Immunity Idol, and lo and behold, (shows idol) look what we have here. A golden little gem for Coach Wade to hold on to. I mean, seriously, is this-- are the stars aligning for Coach or what? This is the most exciting moment in 67 days for Coach playing this game. This morning, I thought to myself, “Could this day get any worse?” But now Coach is a happy man. Things couldn't be going better. I gotta get a hold of myself and just say, “Dragon, just get back in there.” Can't go too crazy. I'm not running the show, but at the moment, pretty close.
14. Cochran (2/4): I don't really have any outdoorsy skills, but I figure, you know, I gotta step up. I'm slightly nervous going on the boat for the first time 'cause I bring zero experience, zero ability, and zero confidence. I hope that I'm gonna be able to prove anything towards being able to catch fish, 'cause that's being left to Ozzy, but I'm hoping this will be a bonding experience where I'm not always viewed as kind of one of the girls hanging out-- around camp while the true men go out fishing.
15. Ozzy (1/2): I think my reputation in Survivor is I've been the guy that has been able to go out and hunt fish and provide people with sustenance, but fishing's not easy. It-it-it might look easy to somebody watching at home, put it really is very difficult, and it takes a lot out of me. I get cut up all the time. Just the fact that I've got to hold my breath continuously and sort of stay in one position. It's almost like underwater yoga. It's very difficult. I'm totally happy to play the provider role, and I think it's going to put me in a stronger position than anyone else. It's like I feel like they're really becoming my tribe.
16. Cochran (3/4): Having watched Cook Islands and Fans vs. Favorites, you see Ozzy as this kind of superhuman, Mowgli-esque guy that-that can do no wrong. But Ozzy, its kinda faded into this middle aged Ozzy who, you know, has a few moments of glory each day where he runs out and gets us some fish, uh, but otherwise, he's just kind of a lazy ass. He's becoming the-the arrogant fisher boy, jungle boy, who feels like he can do no wrong and that he's entitled to our-our deference. Uh, and the more he acts like this, it's going to come back to bite him in the ass.
17. Brandon (2/2): Watching my dad and my mom cook and my grandma, and a bunch of Cajuns, man. They just cook, cook, cook. There is a lot of ups and downs, and just in general, in the game of Survivor, But I think today was more of a positive energy, man. I-I-I believe we're a team and we're a family.
18. Coach (6/6): Argh! The taste of victory, man! It's like, I'm freaking going crazy right now I'm so excited. The best thing about today's challenge, (honks) beep beep, we're back in the driver's seat, baby! We own it now! I mean, this is freaking unbelievable, man.
19. Ozzy (2/2): As soon as we got back from the challenge, Cochran definitely made it a point to put on a display of working. He worked harder than I've seen him work this whole time out here, and it just sucks it's a little too late, you know? And I think pretty much everybody on the tribe feels that he is the weakest link, and I think everybody feels good about letting him go tonight.
20. Dawn (1/1): Ozzy's pretty clear that he wants Cochran gone, but in my opinion, it's time to break up that alliance with Ozzy and Elyse.
21. Jim (2/4): I feel like I have Cochran and Dawn but in a tribe of seven, you need four. I gotta find that fourth vote to get Elyse out.
22. Jim (3/4): The only thing that good that came out of the Redemption Island information is I got a piece of fear that I can plant in Keith to help him vote with me against Elyse tonight.
23. Jim (4/4): Keith and I get on the same page within about thirty seconds. So it's looking pretty strongly like Elyse is gonna go next.
24. Keith (1/1): Tonight's vote is supposed to go Jim, Dawn, Cochran, and they vote Elyse, and then Elyse and Ozzy are going to vote for Cochran. So that leaves me and Whitney for a little bit of, uh, room to play. The first alliance that I made was, you know, me and Ozzy, so tonight's vote is gonna be really scary because Elyse gets blindsided, in a sense Ozzy gets blindsided. So how is Ozzy going to trust me when he thinks we're all voting for Cochran? That's the question that I'm going to have to try to figure out.
25. Whitney (1/2): Elyse and Ozzy are like (shows crossed fingers) this. And I don't think Ozzy's gonna like it if we all vote her off, and there goes our alliance.
26. Whitney (2/2): Keith and I are still trying to figure out how to weasel our way around this and-and still come out in our alliance with Ozzy. It's hard. I wish we could let those three vote for Elyse and then us two vote not Cochran, just someone else.
27. Cochran (4/4): For the first time I-- I'm not feeling that bad about my chances going into tonight's Tribal. Worst-case scenario, I get sent to Redemption Island, but I really don't want to get sent to Redemption. I don't care if Ozzy thinks we are all against him. We are all against him, or we'll vote him out next time. He's gonna hate me more after I vote out his hammock sweetheart, uh, which I hope is what happens tonight.
28. Elyse (2/2): So tonight at Tribal, I have to admit it was a total surprise. Everybody likes to think that they're friends with everybody, but at the end of the day, that's just not the case so the trust is forever broken because how can you know who to trust after feeling so betrayed and feeling so betrayed by several people? 
1. Ozzy (1/5): I'm pretty pissed off. Keith and Whitney and myself, we had a good thing going, and they just went behind my back and voted someone out without telling me and made me look like an idiot. How you can trust somebody when they go behind your back? It goes against everything an alliance is supposed to be.
2. Ozzy (2/5): Now every little dirty laundry and every little aspect of the game is starting to come out. I told everyone I've got the idol. So from this point on, I've just decided, “Screw it.” I'm just going to let everything hang out there, try and go as far as possible and if it doesn't work, I've always got Redemption.
3. Ozzy (3/5): I was pretty surprised that they voted Elyse out, the fact that they felt like they needed to go behind my back just doesn't make any sense. Especially when you try to build tribe unity. I'm just trying to be the provider. I'm just trying to lead by example, but they've got to be forthcoming if they want me to be part of this tribe. (shows caught fish) And I'm a big part of this tribe. They want to win challenges and get father, they've got to trust me. That's the bottom line.
4. Jim (1/2): The plan's coming together better than I could have ever drawn it up. And now, as opposed to Ozzy being the leader, he throws what can only be described as a hissy fit. I kind of thought Ozzy would make up this morning, realizing that he needs to apologize to everybody. That wasn't the case. He's taking his ball and going to the other side of the island, and still huffing and puffing, not talking to anybody. You know, we're twelve hours after the fact and he's still this pissy? Come on. And, not only that, he revealed that he had the idol and says that he's a free agent. I mean, the guy couldn't have made any worse moves than he did.
5. Cochran (1/2): I don't know if Ozzy's temper tantrum is gonna continue well into the future, but the less pleasant he is, the better it is for me. So I hope he continues, you know, being a cry baby because it's great for me.
6. Coach (1/7): It's a beautiful day. There's plenty of stuff to eat. I've got the Immunity Idol, so I'm in a good spot in this tribe. The people that know about the Hidden Immunity Idol are, obviously, myself, Sophie, and Albert. It's something that I struggle with because I like to have all the cards on the table. Unfortunately, Brandon is a loose cannon and he might tell anybody. I know he's gonna feel betrayed at some point in time... but that's down the road.
7. Brandon (1/2): Jeff told us that there was going to be a clue to the Hidden Immunity Idol in our camp but nobody's found it. It is very important for to us find that clue because it means almost the game in the merge. So I had a crazy idea, maybe it's in this weird-looking tree. So I was digging in there, looking around, and sure enough, it was stuck inside the tree. Having a little deja vu right now, just imagining Russell coming out here and finding it. It's just crazy that I found it.
8. Coach (2/7): You know, Brandon, he's a Hantz. He's got the nose and the bloodhound scent for the idol so he immediately just walks over to a tree and starts digging and lo and behold, there's the third clue. I have the idol in my possession. Brandon doesn't know it. And the thing is, you know, I talked to Brandon about playing this game as Christian men and we are going to do that, but is withholding information... lying? It's a gray area.
9. Albert (1/3): Brandon is climbing up trees, sprinting all over the place. It kind of breaks my heart knowing that he's on a wild goose chase and he's never going to find anything. But, uh, eventually, it's going to hit him, you know, he might not be the sharpest tool in the shed but he'll figure out, “Wait, somebody probably has the idol.”
10. Coach (3/7): I want to play this game completely honorably. But now, the way that I'm watching Brandon going search for that idol, he looks like Russell. I'm having flashbacks. And when I see something that reminds me of some horrible nightmares that I lived through on Heroes and Villains, it scares me. It scares the heck out of me.
11. Rick (1/3): Christine, if she comes back, I think she would flip in a hurry. I'll guarantee you she's going to have fire in her eyes. I mean, she's going to come back smoking and ready to kill us.
12. Sophie (1/2): At the duel, Christine was really pissed off, so I think no matter what she said if she comes back into the game, she's never going to be with us. She has no allegiance to us. I think Christine would be the worst person to come back from Redemption Island.
13. Edna (1/2): Ever since Brandon told me I wasn't really a part of the alliance of six, I knew that I definitely had to do something so I've been cozying up next to Coach because I just want to make sure that Coach knows that I haven't wavered in my relationship with him, and I think it's working.
14. Coach (4/7): We're definitely vibing. Like, I really like Edna. I don't know, it's just weird. You know, you pick up with certain people around here and you just feel comfortable and I really feel comfortable with Edna. She's the one person out here that I think would lay her Survivor life down for me. So to vote her off before Mikayla, who is not part of the six, that would be crazy.
15. Edna (2/2): Coach is telling me that I'm safe, at least for a while longer and so I feel a little bit more reassured. He could be lying to me, but right now, I feel reassured.
16. Ozzy (4/5): I felt like after Tribal Council, I really needed to take a stand, so I had my little temper tantrum, but I really made a mistake. I still wanna try and make something happen with this tribe because we've gotta have some people that you trust if you wanna make it to the end.
17. Keith (1/1): Ozzy settled down a lot. I think he knows to get farther in this game, he's gonna need the rest of us and we need him.
18. Jim (2/2): Ozzy finally realizes he's got nowhere to go. His whole speech after Tribal Council about being a free agent. Free agent for who? He's got nowhere to go except for us. I like having Ozzy on my side. Ozzy helps me win Immunity Challenges before the merge. After the merge he's a bigger target than me. There's nothing more that I could want from somebody on my team.
19. Coach (5/7): It's Mikayla's fault we lost. I gave her direction in the challenge today and she wouldn't take it. If I'm going to coach this team I need for people in the heat of battle to listen to me. She's a problem. Mikayla should go home.
20. Dawn (1/1): To win immunity and reward could not have come at a better time. We were coming off lots of hurt feelings and lots of drama, so winning was the best feeling.
21. Ozzy (5/5): Having a reward like this really brought us all back together and it really made me want somebody from this tribe to win the million. I don't care if it's me-- Oh, I do care if it's me. I want it to be me. (chuckles) But if it's not me, I do hope it's someone else from my tribe.
22. Cochran (2/2): You know, I'm generally not that agile, so sliding down these mossy rocks is definitely outside my comfort zone, but I got into it today because the sweater vest is always kind of this boundary between me and nature and I had to strip it off.
23. Coach (6/7): We lost the challenge and it sucks. Now we've gotta come back to camp and we've gotta do the dirty work. So we gotta figure out are we going to vote off Mikayla or Edna? Neither one of them were part of the original five but Mikayla wasn't coachable in the challenge. She doesn't follow orders so she's going home tonight.
24. Mikayla (1/2): So we lost the challenge and now Al told me that Coach is skeptical about me. And it just makes me laugh because all these people are about strength, and you're really throwing my name up again with the girl who is half my size, almost double my age? You've gotta be kidding me! It sucks that I'm the one that's always kind of stuck on, you know, the blue ballot, but, you know, I-I definitely do trust in Al, and when it comes down to it, hopefully he'll trust in me.
25. Albert (2/3): If I had to do a Survivor draft and I had Mikayla and Edna standing next to one another, it's a no brainer. I'd go with Mikayla eleven out of ten times. On top of that, Edna is a freakin' sharp, smart player who is going to be tactical and that's way too dangerous.
26. Brandon (2/2): I'm starting to trust Mikayla more because Edna is just-- she's acting too, too sweet to not be playing us. I don't know if Edna is fooling me. I don't know what she's doing. But I'm starting to not trust her. But I want to be a radical for God when it comes to doing right, doing good, man. So I would rather vote Edna out of this tribe today but I'm not going to, because I am my word.
27. Sophie (2/2): Brandon actually wants Edna to leave. He likes Mikayla better now. He's changed his mind. She's no longer, like, you know, the whore of the tribe, whatever it was before, and now she's fantastic. But he's still going to vote her out. I don't get it. He is nuts, absolutely nuts.
28. Albert (3/3): The reason Coach wants to keep Edna is Coach feels Edna is directly in his pocket. He thinks she's going to listen to everything that he says and is gonna follow him blindly to the end. My cap is off to Coach for actually having a little bit of strategy in this, but realistically, keeping Edna around is a bad play for us winning the next challenge and it's a bad play for me in my end game.
29. Coach (7/7): You know what? Number one is getting to the merge with numbers. Number two is having somebody that you can trust through thick and thin and Edna is loyal. Albert and Sophie might think that Edna is going home but I'm going to tell you right now, if I have anything to do with it, that's not going to happen.
30. Rick (2/3): I thought we was all going to send Edna home but then I-I had a talk with Coach and he wants to vote for Mikayla. So I don't know what's going on.
31. Rick (3/3): These guys leave me sitting in the middle on this decision and so all it does is put a bigger target on me. If I send Edna home, I'm going to piss off Coach, and then if I send Mikayla home, I'm going to piss off Albert. You know, you're damned if you do, you're damned if you don't. This sucks!
32. Mikayla (2/2): Tribal was a mess, man. Every time Brandon has a blow-up it's, like, always pointed at a stronger woman. I just don't understand how Edna has made it this far. And I would love to definitely get some people back for what just happened and I'm just gonna laugh if the next challenge is something physical. 
1. Edna (1/2): It's not a good feeling to have your name come up on the vote every single time you're at Tribal Council. But Brandon's reaction and his unpredictable nature is a liability, yes. Definitely. And if he continues this way, he-he's making my job on Survivor easier by just (chuckles) being himself.
2. Coach (1/5): If there comes a time where Brandon becomes a liability, just like old Lennie of "Mice and Men," there comes a time where you got to put a bullet in somebody's head and in this game, it's kill or be killed.
3. Ozzy (1/5): Christine has been on a hot streak. She has won five duels in a row. If we do merge, she could go to the other side or she could come with us. People are thinking that the merge is coming after the next challenge. So if we lose the next challenge it might be worthwhile for us to send somebody to Redemption that can beat Christine, come back in the game, and even out the numbers. You know, you gotta make big moves in this game, and if we have to, that might be a big move worth making.
4. Ozzy (2/5): Cochran and I got back from the duel, and I wanted to let Cochran in on my worst-case scenario plan.
5. Cochran (1/9): The general sense around camp is that the merge is happening sooner rather than later. And now Ozzy suggested that he'd be willing to make a-a pretty bold move in the event that we lose our next Immunity Challenge. He's considering lending his Hidden Immunity Idol to somebody else on the tribe, allow Ozzy, himself to get voted out of our tribe so that he can be sent to Redemption Island Arena and duel against Christine, and then hopefully win, come back to our tribe and keep our numbers intact, 6-6 tie going into, uh, the merge.
6. Cochran (2/9): Now Ozzy seems to have gone from kind of this bitter free agent, temper tantrum throwing baby of a couple nights ago, to a new man. And if Ozzy was being honest, and it's gonna be huge, willingly fall on his sword for his tribe, that'd be great for me 'cause that means I wouldn't be going home at the next Tribal Council.
7. Coach (2/5): This tribe is down in the dumps. We feel after the vote last night, that we're divided. We feel like we blew the last challenge, and we feel like we've lost. We need a shot in the arm right now, and we need something to boost our spirits. The only thing we can do is to say, “Look, guys, we've got the Hidden Immunity Idol. Go team!” That's what we have to do. There's waves within waves in the game of Survivor to survive.
8. Coach (3/5): So right now, Sophie, Albert, and I know that I have the idol. But people like Rick and Brandon, Edna, want to find the idol, so we've got to pretend like, “Look, we found it!”
9. Sophie (1/1): You know, this whole prayer thing, for me, it doesn't weigh as heavily on my mind because I'm not the one speaking the prayer. I find Coach to be a little more questionable when he actually is the one saying, you know, "Dear God, help us find the idol," when he knows he has the idol in his pocket. I-- it gives me a little bit of an icky feeling.
10. Coach (4/5): So Sophie and I went to unearth the idol. Lo and behold, it was two for the price of one. Tree Mail rolled up on our doorstep and now we're going to roll up a victory in this challenge.
11. Brandon (1/1): We actually all said a prayer, asked God for help to find the idol, and we just hear, “We got Tree Mail.” Not only did they get the Tree Mail, we found the idol, not even five minutes after we got done praying. It's definitely an advantage having-having the Big Guy upstairs on your-- on your tribe.
12. Cochran (3/9): Before the challenge, Ozzy reassured me that in the event that we lost, Ozzy would say, “Send me, Ozzy, to Redemption Island, and come back and restore our numbers.” But after I, uh, blew the challenge, it seemed like that plan went out the window. I mean, I knew immediately that I was the next target. I really did feel like crying, but, you know, I-I just stayed as strong as I could and put up with it.
13. Edna (2/2): This reward and immunity is so important for our team and we feel great having this private screening of the new movie with hot dogs and pretty much unlimited candy.
14. Coach (5/5): "Jack and Jill," loved it. I love Adam Sandler. Personally, I'm a fan. It was good because it was funny, but at the same time, there was a message, and the message was, hey, family comes first. It's a great message for us to be reminded that going into these days to come, it will get tough. It will get to be a point of compromise. But we have to be uncompromisable as a unit. Unbreakable, that's what our tribe is, and now we're ready to play the second half of this game.
15. Cochran (4/9): So we get back to camp after this devastating loss, which I guess, apparently, I caused. You know, I've always felt like an outcast on-on my tribe, but this was a real-- a huge-- this was-- this was a new level of-of ostracism, and it felt horrible. That loss just killed me.
16. Cochran (5/9): You know, at that moment, the-the high I had been experiencing from the knowledge that, really, I wasn't going home in any event. I-I was-- I was safe, nobody was going to kick me off. That-that evaporated instantly, and I-I knew immediately that I was the next target.
17. Ozzy (3/5): It's a risky move to send Cochran to Redemption. It's a riskier move to send me into Redemption and have the merge be delayed one more challenge. Cochran volunteered to go to Redemption. It's going to be his chance to redeem himself.
18. Cochran (6/9): I mean, basically, what it comes down to, is instead of sending Ozzy, the Trojan Horse, to Redemption Island to shock everybody in a merge and destroy Christine, and-and even the odds, they're sending the court jester. And I don't know what I'm supposed to do apart from a-a funny little dance or shake my hands around in a comical manner. Uh, it's not going to win the challenge and, uh, it's probably not going to get that many laughs so I don't know what-- what they're-- what they're hoping for.
19. Cochran (7/9): Everybody was on board with voting me off, and what made it worse was that they had this kind of weird kumbaya rationale for voting me off that only confirmed their-their belief that I should go, so I'm terrified. I don't need to be a hero at Redemption Island. I don't-- I don't need to be the person that saves my tribe. I'm not here to be a hero. I'm here to-to-to make it as far as I can, whether that means, you know, slithering on the ground or-or-or whatever. I don't want to shine right now. I'm willing to shine later, or I'm not just gonna shine at all. I just-- I just don't want to go to Redemption Island.
20. Ozzy (4/5): Yesterday, before Cochran cost us the challenge, I told him that I'd be willing to go sacrifice myself, go to Redemption, beat Christine and get back in this game and give our tribe an edge. And last night, I had some crazy dreams about actually doing what I said I was gonna do. I had to bring the idol out of my hiding spot, just so everybody really knows I actually do have it. I might as well make a grand entrance. Everybody thinks that this is Cochran's opportunity, that he should going to Redemption and redeem himself but I came to redeem myself, so it's my opportunity, really. The question is, you know, will the tribe go along with my idea?
21. Cochran (8/9): Ozzy comes waltzing into camp with this, uh, this pearly necklace around his neck and-and-and-and saying, “Vote me out. Send me to Redemption Island.” Ah! It was like the gospel. I-I-I-I could have-- I could have died right there.
22. Cochran (9/9): The reaction to Ozzy announcing that he would be willing to go to Redemption Island was met with some opposition, so I don't-- I don't know what's going on right now and-and it's creeping me out.
23. Keith (1/1): Ozzy is talking about going to Redemption Island but I won't agree with it. What worries me most about the plan is that the merge is not gonna happen like we think it is. We are only as strong as our weakest link, and that's Cochran. And so Cochran's left to basically pull the rest of the weight that Ozzy left behind, and I don't really know what much hope we have for a-- for another team challenge.
24. Jim (1/1): If we're wrong about there being a merge after the next Redemption Island, the biggest deal would be if we have another challenge and we're down Ozzy, and all of a sudden, Dawn's our third guy, Cochran would be our fourth guy. Scary position to be in. 
25. Ozzy (5/5): The move to get myself voted out is probably either the stupidest thing I could have done or it's one of the most iconic moves in Survivor history. 
1. Cochran (1/8): What a difference a day makes. Just 24 hours ago, I was redundant if I said I was going to Redemption Island, where I was going to humiliate myself and then go home. But, you know, Ozzy descended from the heavens earlier today and came up with this miraculous plan where he would sacrifice himself on behalf of the tribe, based on this kind of gamble that a merge is going to take place and basing the gamble that your strongest player is going to be able to beat somebody who's already proven herself to be an extremely strong player at Redemption Island. If everything connects in the way that we hope it will, this is going to go down in history as one of the single biggest and greatest moves in Survivor history.
2. Cochran (2/8): So another big part of the plan is that I, uh, become this some-- sort of double agent who will be able to figure out who the Upolu tribe, uh, intends to vote out from our tribe in the event of a merge. I think if anybody in this game is capable of being a-a double agent, uh, it's me. Um, I've already been pretending like I like these people in my tribe for the last 18 days. I think I deserve an-an Academy Award for that performance.
3. Cochran (3/8): You know, right now, my-my philosophy, uh, to kind of take from Al Pacino, “First you get the egomaniac returning player voted out and then you get his idol and then you get the million dollars.”
4. Ozzy (1/3): I came into Redemption and I put on my actor suit. I think she bought it. I think that uh, she took it hook, line and sinker.
5. Ozzy (2/3): So this is part of the plan. First step was getting myself voted out. The second step, getting her to believe that. Third step, beating her and giving the other tribe false information. The move is probably either the stupidest thing I could have done or the craziest, ballsiest thing I probably could've ever thought of doing.
6. Ozzy (3/3): I just made the craziest move that you could possibly make and now I can only hope that Cochran is going to be able to infiltrate Upolu and take the advantage, take the lead and take your victory.
7. Jim (1/3): We merged tribes. Everybody does their niceties, handshakes, we have a nice little meal. Immediately, it's game on, though. It's six on six. So everybody is looking for an in.
8. Cochran (4/8): Somehow, as luck would have it, our plan worked perfectly. Ozzy demolished Christine in the duel, there was a merge, we're back 6-6. Now it's time for me to work my magic like I knew I could all along, become the double agent I was born to be, infiltrate Upolu, and change the game.
9. Cochran (5/8): All in all, what I took away from Coach is that he is an incredibly intelligent guy. I mean, I-I watched him always being this eccentric, Dragon Slayer, who talks about wizards and, you know, King Arthur, but he's a smart guy and Coach laid it up-- laid it all on the table for me saying, uh, “I could make us draw rocks the next Tribal Council,” or what I'm maybe most consider-- seriously considering, I could completely jump ship, betray my old tribe and join Upolu.
10. Cochran (6/8): There's a lot of downsides to jumping ship, but on the other hand, I do believe that the Upolu members are super solid, completely honest, and trustworthy. I, you know, I consider myself a-a strategist, and maybe even a mastermind, but not an evil mastermind, so I-I returned the Hidden Immunity Idol to Ozzy. He gave the-the idol to me in a moment of complete trust and I'm gonna reciprocate. You know, up to this point in the game, I feel like I've been putting my fate in the hands of tribemates I don't entirely trust and who don't entirely respect me. Um, now that the merge has come and it has become an individual game, I finally feel like I'm in control of my fate. I can make decisions about who I wanna work with and who I wanna betray. Uh, it's a little bit surreal but also kind of a little bit exciting that I am the person right now who gets to decide how Survivor: South Pacific takes shape and possibly ends.
11. Dawn (1/5): Cochran and I went to get Tree Mail this morning, and I know, for probably a good 20 days that Cochran and I have been out here, I watched Cochran specifically be really treated not as an equal in the group.
12. Dawn (2/5): (tearfully) As a Survivor fan, when I watch the game, I love to see people just stand up for what they believe in, kind of at the expense of the million dollars. I mean, I feel like I should have stood up for Cochran sooner. (cries) Sorry. He's a really great kid, and he reminds me a lot of-- I have a son that reminds me of him who has red hair, but you're trying to, kinda, protect your interests the whole way though you wanna stay. (sniffles)
13. Dawn (3/5): (tearfully) And I've always tried to remember it's a game for a million dollars, you know, and that this is a game with casualties, but I don't really want the casualty to be Cochran.
14. Dawn (4/5): (tearfully) And in-in some ways, for me is a way to say, “I don't like the way it's been going, even if it means, you know, I lose my footing in the game.”
15. Jim (2/3): As of right now, my impression is that both tribes believe that it is going to be a deadlock at the vote. Hey, nobody likes the idea of picking rocks for a million dollars. But two Savaii members have immunity. That's great for us because if it does come down to a pick 'em, there's ten picks and there's going to be only four of us on the chopping block, six of them.
16. Jim (3/3): I think they're going to vote for Whitney. Why? Because, you know, if it goes to rocks, Whitney becomes immune from the rocks and they want to have some of the stronger players in there, me and Keith, and in their minds, they can get rid of Whit later.
17. Cochran (7/8): You know, Savaii may feel confident that, you know, we have a-a three out of eight shot or whatever the numbers are, but those numbers aren't that reassuring to me, even if it was one out of thirty that a rock would send me home, I wouldn't want to do it, 'cause that's not what this game is about. I love this game, I respect this game but I don't respect reducing my game to a game of chance and pulling a rock out of a bag.
18. Sophie (1/1): You can never count on someone flipping over. Um, you can never know for sure. That said, I think I feel as confident about Cochran flipping over, because Cochran thinks that if he switches and comes back to camp he's gonna get beat up, which is a legitimate thing for a dodgeball target to be afraid of.
19. Coach (1/1): We really don't have any choice right now but to trust in Cochran because the odds are not in our favor. It looks grim, it looks dismal, so I've done everything that I could. I've gotten Cochran on our side to play the rest of this game. I convinced him that he will be valued and loved over here. I have convinced Cochran that he will be the man of the match, that the weak will finally become strong, that the nerd will finally rise up to the bully and give him a bully beatdown.
20. Cochran (8/8): The fact that Dawn's now apparently completely unwilling to flip her vote and vote alongside me and alongside Upolu, uh, gives me some pause in-in debating whether or not I want to make the jump, but it's a tough choice. So I go with a bunch of people who have kind of been rude to me for the past 21 days or do I ditch the entire rock scenario, jump tribal lines and possibly cost myself a million dollars because I'm gonna be causing so many people to be furious at me?
21. Dawn (5/5): Oh, before I-I went to the challenge, I really spent some time, like, literally praying, I know it sounds cliché, but I kind of backed off of my original feeling of maybe I should flip with Cochran, because I realized I have liked my tribe. It hasn't been as kumbaya, I think, as the other tribe but there's things about each of those people I love, and I've had great experiences with them and I don't want to go back on that. I want to stay loyal to the tribe. I haven't talked to the rest of the tribe because I can understand why he's waffling but I'm praying he doesn't, and I've let him know I'm disappointed. I don't-- I don't think it's right to flip, I don't. And I feel like he's watching out for himself tonight and no one else. But I don't want to tell everybody, because I think there is hope that he is not gonna do it. I mean, I've let him know, “I don't want you to do it.”
22. Keith (1/1): Somebody on my former tribe obviously flipped. Can't be Whitney, can't be Dawn, can't be Jim. Ozzy, there's no way that he would've flipped 'cause I don't know why he would've wasted the idol. So... really only leaves one little weasel left. Cochran backstabbed all of us. 
1. Ozzy (1/6): Cochran said that it was all about self-preservation, and sure, that's the easy way out. That's-that's how a wiener plays.
2. Cochran (1/1): I'm kind of having mixed emotions right now. On the one hand, I'm glad I kind of stood up to the people that have been repeatedly referring to me as, uh, indecisive, weak, even annoying, um, but it's kind of a weird balancing act I'm doing right now between the Upolu members who are, uh, now embracing me more than ever and my former tribemates who seem to really, really hate my guts.
3. Coach (1/3): We pulled off an amazing feat at Tribal Council last night. Our tribe of Upolu members stood six strong against all odds, and, uh, it's cause for celebration. It's cause for walking the beach, saying a little prayer. Starting the day off right. Maybe a little tai chi. I feel like if I can just be confident and not arrogant, I can be humble, but not weak, I think I have a good shot at going all the way.
4. Ozzy (2/6): Survivor can be really cut throat and you gotta trust people at certain points and those people can turn around and just stick a knife right in your gut, and that's what Cochran did. So my total strategy is gone. I have nothing more I can do. I'm just going to keep fighting. And gonna bust my ass today at the challenge, and I'm just going to keep on winning until there's no one left.
5. Coach (2/3): Ozzy knows that there's a good chance he could get voted out tonight. And there's a huge difference between yesterday when he held all the cards and the cockiness that he had, and today. I actually appreciate Ozzy's humility. If it's fake, if it's too late, or if it's just born out of desperation, that's okay, you know? “Some of the greatest inspiration is born of desperation,” Marcus Aurelius once said. But at this point, it's too little, too late.
6. Dawn (1/2): We go to Tribal Council tonight. There's really four Savaii members. Jim has immunity. Ozzy, myself, or Whitney are going to Redemption. So we either have to really just stay loyal to the final four of us and just go (chuckles) down in flames or I'm going to need to consider flipping and voting with the Upolu tribe.
7. Jim (1/4): I could never have ever thrown my tribe under the bus like Cochran did to us. I call a coward a coward. That's me. Because I'm not a coward.
8. Jim (2/4): If I don't go tonight, I go tomorrow night. If I don't go tomorrow night, I go the next night. I really don't have many nights left here. So my hope is that I can give them a rousing enough speech at Tribal Council to get a couple of them to flip over to Cochran. That's all I need, two of those seven people to vote for Cochran. Then all of a sudden, we got a game.
9. Ozzy (3/6): Everything's pretty surreal to me right now. I mean, if Jim honestly gives me the Immunity Necklace tonight, I don't-- I-I'm-- I'll be-- I'll feel like I'm dreaming. Knowing Jim, I believe that if he says he's going to give me the necklace, I believe he will. Who knows what will happen in this game? Who really knows? And I'm never going to give up as long as I live and certainly not here on Survivor.
10. Ozzy (4/6): I played a really hard, hard game. I played and made big moves and I'm pretty much proud of what I did. I took big risks, you know, they didn't work out in my favor. But you gotta take big risks to get big reward and I'm ready to do really well at Redemption. When people come through, I'm gonna treat them really nice, and then I'm gonna send them packing.
11. Ozzy (5/6): I just got into Redemption last night. This is my first chance just to go explore the reef. And the reef out here is magnificent. Where the reef drops off, it drops off probably a solid 20 to 30 feet, and then from there it just goes straight down. The tide rips out really hard and there's big waves but that's where you get big fish hanging out.
12. Ozzy (6/6): I'm happy to be here. I wish I was in the game, but I'm just as excited to be here.
13. Albert (1/2): Personally, I really didn't like the way we treated Dawn at the challenge. I thought we were a little too inclusive with her. I want to nip this at the bud as soon as I can.
14. Jim (3/4): Cochran right now is playing the most brilliant third-place game in Survivor history. Every one of those nine people would love to take Cochran to the end. Cochran ain't going nowhere. But it's not looking good for me. I am 100% going to Redemption Island, I mean, unless I make some moves right now.
15. Albert (2/2): Jim approached me and Sophie and told us, “Listen, I have a plan, get rid of Edna.” And he-he drew up something that was, you know, pretty creative and pretty, you know, outside the box, so to speak. I don't need to entertain Jim's offer because I have a much better plan than anything he could ever offer me right now. I think Dawn, even though she doesn't seem as overtly dangerous as Jim is, is maybe more dangerous than him in a lot of ways because she's more likable, and she's somebody that's slowly but surely eking her way into our alliance.
16. Dawn (2/2): I've always seen myself as a person that can bring together different types of people. And so for me, it-it almost couldn't be better at this stage to be that kind of person because I'm probably a good person to try to get myself in with the former Upolu tribe members and see if there's some wiggle room there. It's just a matter of whether I can hang on long enough.
17. Sophie (1/1): Albert, he's getting nervous. He's thinking a lot right now about switching up the game and I think those are important things to think about, um, in general Survivor strategy, but I'd like to stay pretty rigid with the plan. So I'd rather get rid of Jim.
18. Coach (3/3): We're in the jungle here. So I think an analogy to the animal kingdom would be suffice at this moment. You've got Jimbo who is like a rhinoceros that just comes charging in straight towards you. And then you've got somebody like Dawn, you know, she's the serpent or the snake, they come sneaking through the grass. Today at the challenge, Dawn was getting the most cheers. People are genuinely starting to like Dawn so I see Dawn as a snake and Jim as a rhinoceros. They can both kill you but hopefully, we're gonna send the right person home tonight.
19. Jim (4/4): I'm sad, you know? I think I played a great game. I think I positioned myself very well for the million dollars and it's still a shot but it doesn't feel like as good as a shot as I had 3 days ago. 
1. Jim (1/1): That is a cult unlike I've ever seen before, and the longer that Coach has them believing that they're all one tribe, more likely it is that he wins the million dollars.
2. Coach (1/2): “Survivor 101, Rule 37:” anybody that's on the bottom of an alliance better not feel like they're on the bottom of an alliance, or they're gonna revolt and try to scramble to find themselves a better place in the game. And I keep talking to people about unity and respect, because people get scared in this game. Blindsides happen every day. In fact, more blindsides happen than alliances sticking together.
3. Whitney (1/2): Coach is running the show like he's Jesus. All of them think that they're gonna go to the end? You know, obviously seven can't go to the end. I mean, it's so frustrating, I kind of want to laugh at 'em and be like, “Um, y'all are so smart. Cochran went to Harvard. Sophie is going into med school.” I don't understand how these (air quotes) “smart people” can be so stupid.
4. Cochran (1/8): As painful as it is for me to admit it, I am drinking the Coach Kool-Aid. I'm drinking it very slowly, not in huge gulps but taking little delicate ginger sips, because if I am not on the cult leader's side, I'm gonna meet my untimely death, so I gotta obey the father of the family.
5. Cochran (2/8): I was kind of alarmed to hear that Coach is pretty concerned about Albert's mind in the game right now. I think there's some sort of power struggle. Albert, he's possibly one of the two biggest leaders of that group so, uh, it's possible he's aware that they are gunning for me earlier than they say they are. So I'm starting to get concerned about my place in this game. I felt comfortable 24 hours ago, today I'm not so comfortable.
6. Ozzy (1/1): I gotta say, being alone on Redemption is a beautiful thing. I've really scored out here. It's sort of like, my mini paradise. I've got all that I could ever want in food. I've got one of the most beautiful reefs and interesting reefs full of caves. I'm really glad that Te Tuna tribe is missing my skills. As far as I can tell, nobody is able to get out there and go fishing. Because they gotta spend a lot of their energy watching out who is doing what and where people are going and who people are talking to. They gotta watch out for the conniving nature that is the normal classic endgame of Survivor. Redemption adds a whole new twist to it. If you have the skills and the abilities, like I do, you can come out here and you can really refresh, rejuvenate and get everything set to go and play the endgame with a passion and a ferocity that you can't get when you're having to deal with a tribe. I think that that duel proved that I'm a huge physical threat, still. And if anything, I've just gotten stronger since being out here on Redemption and the next couple people coming through Redemption are gonna have a big challenge in front of them, and that's me.
7. Cochran (3/8): There's something appealing about the idea of returning to Dawn and Whitney. They know that it's going to basically have to be the act of an angel looking over them to carry them further in the game, and I think if I were that angel, that would probably earn me a lot more jury votes than just blindly following Upolu would.
8. Cochran (4/8): Either way it's going to be a leap of faith. I'm going to either have to trust that the few promises I have received to take me further than seventh place have been sincere or if I really am seventh in line, I gotta make a big move. So, this is something I need to seriously consider.
9. Dawn (1/3): Whitney and I are on the outs, so we had to win the challenge, for sure. But I haven't lost hope. Jeff said at tonight's Tribal Council there'll be a twist. And so I think if this isn't the time to give up because anything can happen.
10. Cochran (5/8): I was pretty disappointed with my performance in today's Immunity Challenge. I thought there was a chance I'd be able to excel at this one. But again, my lack of balance and agility, uh, came back to haunt me.
11. Cochran (6/8): Luckily, Dawn and Whitney are in such a bad position right now, they know they're the next two to go. Unfortunately, when Jeff mentioned there would be a twist at tonight's Tribal Council my first thought was, “Okay, it's gonna be a double elimination.” So, you know, there's always the possibility that after we vote out one of the two of them there'll be another Immunity Challenge and if one of the remaining two wins that challenge, uh, I could be in danger. So I'm a little bit nervous.
12. Dawn (2/3): I had to win the challenge today, there wasn't any way around it. So I'm most likely going to Redemption Island tonight. I feel like their camp's been so serious about the issue of trust that Coach, he's got this loyal following. But it's not over. I mean, the one thing about this game is you can lay in bed and think, “I'm going home,” and the-the whole day changes.
13. Whitney (2/2): Right now, we would definitely be up for making a move. It's just picking the right people. Brandon is such a loose cannon that you don't know what to believe. Rick, he's not even playing the game, and Edna, she's so far up Coach's butt it's ridiculous. But Albert, at least seems like a-a good guy.
14. Albert (1/1): Right now, I'm at a crossroads. I feel like my only real chance to win this game is to secure every Savaii jury vote I can get. So I have an idea of possibly getting Edna out immediately for a couple of reasons. A, I really want to credit Cochran for what he's done for us by moving him up the ladder, so to speak. And also I want to curry a little bit of extra favor with a Whitney or a Dawn. Now I've buttered three potential jury members and lost an Edna who wasn't going to vote for me anyway.
15. Cochran (7/8): Albert just confirmed my suspicions that I'm going to be voted out at seventh. Not exactly shocked, but I felt that was a complete betrayal of our trust because I'm the one that saved that entire tribe, and if they think that Edna is a more valuable player for them, or somebody who's made more sacrifices for them, they're sorely mistaken.
16. Cochran (8/8): I came to play Survivor. Survivor is about big moves. I didn't make the big jump I did to be voted out at seventh place. I-I wanted to move further in this game and, you know, if that means flipping back again then it's something that I really have to consider.
17. Sophie (1/2): Albert is showing his true colors more and more, which maybe are similar to my true colors that I'm strategic and I wanna win the game. And this is our one shot to make the big move because you have two, three votes hanging around.
18. Sophie (2/2): Albert is trying to take control of this game and I'm the swing vote. So now I'm debating whether to stick with Coach or go with Albert's crazy plan. In the end of the day, it's a question of what will take me to the end.
19. Coach (2/2): Albert right now is playing for Albert and that's a dangerous game to play out here. I've seen him talking to Whitney, talking to Dawn. He's either trying to come up with a last second plan or he's trying to curry jury votes, and neither one of them is acceptable, in my opinion. There's three types of motivational styles, there's coddling, there's reaffirming and then there's fear. So I feel at the moment like an old mob boss. If anybody goes against the family, they're dead.
20. Dawn (3/3): At this point, it's gonna turn really chaotic on their side because they've focused so much on unity and loyalty, and when that's your motto and then you have to turn on each other, I don't know what you do. 
1. Coach (1/7): We've got seven left and really, they're all our family, so now we gotta start sending home some of our own.
2. Edna (1/4): Coming back from Tribal, it leaves you a sense of paranoia because now people have ideas floating around who is five, six and seven and who is not in that top four? I'm deluded to thinking that I'm safe.
3. Cochran (1/10): Tribal Council was kind of alarming for me because it was made clear that I was the person that was going in-in seventh.
4. Cochran (2/10): After surviving another night I-I-I am aware that The Family, uh, could turn on me at any moment so I'm-I'm really reevaluating what I need to do to get further in this game to make sure I'm not taken out by The Family. Gosh, helter-skelter.
5. Sophie (1/2): I always felt his personality, is something Cochran has going for him out here. I mean, when I first came here, I felt kind of bad for Cochran. It seemed like people bullied him but I can see now why people got annoyed with him. You know, I get frustrated by the kind of air he puts on. I think he's really proud of the move he made and I think he still thinks that somebody will take him to the end. I don't like it.
6. Cochran (3/10): There has kind of always been this cult-like quality to the Upolu family. Just hearing the word "family" over and over, you can't help but think of Charles Manson and-and-and-and the Manson Family and the family that-that committed so many heinous murders.
7. Cochran (4/10): Brandon in particular, seems almost obsessively devout, uh, to the point where it seems like he's trying to suppress something a lot more scary. I don't want to be Sharon Tate in this scenario and I need some sort of plan or else I'm going to be exterminated. I'm going to be given the poison Kool-Aid and meet my untimely death. And I'm hoping reminding my tribemates of the risks I took will convince a few of them to vote my way.
8. Sophie (2/2): Cochran said, "I know a lot of you feel indebted to me." I don't feel indebted to you, you know, screw you. He made an awful move. He should have stuck with his tribe.
9. Coach (2/7): Albert and I both see that we do owe Cochran another day in this game. If we can just pull one more vote to keep Cochran. We've gotten down to the seven. Everybody is fighting to be standing at the bitter end.
10. Ozzy (1/2): From this point on, I'm even more excited to go into the duels and beat people that are my enemies in this game. I have to rely on myself winning, but that is what I do best, and that's the way that I want to win this game.
11. Ozzy (2/2): I can survive out here on Redemption. I can keep getting stronger. This is my home, Redemption Island. This is how I'm playing the second half of my game and there's no one better suited to be out here than me.
12. Albert (1/2): Edna is out there doing the laundry and the funny thing is, you know, this is Survivor, the ultimate strategy game. The players in my alliance think that it's not Outwit, Outplay, Outlast. They think it's out-clean, out-gather, out-organize. To me, this game is about doing well in challenges, cr-creating a great strategy, and playing a strong social game. So those are what I'm focused on. I'll leave the housework to Martha Stewart.
13. Cochran (5/10): Uh, Brandon just caught this giant, really scary looking fish that has these kind of intimidating looking fang teeth, uh, and I'm in charge of holding it but it still seems to have some life in it, so I'm kind of nervous right now that it's gonna, you know, resurrect and-and attack me. But, you know, whatever it takes to-to feed our tribe I'm willing to-to put my-my life and limb in danger and, you know, Brandon is doing an-an awesome job of fishing so I'm happy to help out. And I feel like I'm part of the team. I didn't physically catch it, but I am physically holding it and I'll be the one that brings it back to camp and I'll be the one they hoist upon their shoulders, so I'm proud to be, uh, holding this fish right now. And I hope it's the first of-of many to come.
14. Edna (2/4): Albert proceeded to lay in the hammock and watch me for two hours while I did the laundry, and when I stepped away from the laundry for one minute, I come back to the fire being doused out, and the embers are wet and you can't get the fire started that easily. Oh,that was so infuriating. Albert does pretty much nothing except lie around and eat fish and wait for other people to wait on him.
15. Coach (3/7): Well, I don't think poor Albert has done a day of work in his life. I think that boy's been hand-clothed, hand-bathed by his mother since he was two.
16. Rick (1/1): Albert is kind of a little precious thing in camp. It's just like one of the little Barbie dolls. They look really cute but they don't do a damn thing, they just sit there. And that's why I call him Prince Albert. It's like, “Well, I'm the prince and you guys work for me.” You know, and it just-- it just kills me.
17. Edna (3/4): And I just found out that I'm basically next person to go after Cochran which makes me feel as though I am pretty low on the totem pole. I have definitely have to shake it up right now because sixth or seventh is not acceptable for me.
18. Coach (4/7): Keeping Edna and Cochran would be the best thing for me to do because they're never going to vote me out so it's really like a catch-22. I mean, which side should I go at this point? Do I want to honor my word, be a man of integrity, stick with the five or do I want to go another route? Nothing is for sure in this game.
19. Coach (5/7): There's that one player on every team that you give everything to. It's why you teach or coach and it's why I play Survivor, to find that one student that wants to learn. So I took Cochran out to do tai chi. I-I do feel like I owe Cochran and I feel like I owe him some type of hope going into the challenge. You never know what kind of challenge it's going to be and maybe, you know, hopefully it-it'll empower him.
20. Cochran (6/10): “Coach chi,” for all the jokes about it, uh, and all the jokes directed at Coach, it is a valuable thing for me to do. You know, usually, I have all these conflicting goals bouncing around in my head: How do I curry favor with Brandon? How do I make Rick like me? How do I make Coach like me? But now, you know, after Coach chi, all the stress just exited my pores. All that remains is a sin-singular drive to-to win immunity and I think I can do it after-after today's session.
21. Cochran (7/10): Albert offered the reward to me. There are only really two possible explanations for his decision. One, he wants to work strategically with me and is trying to curry favor with me which-which would be the ideal option. Two, that it was just kind of a sweet farewell gift to make me to like him before I inevitably join the jury. Either way, I hope that I get to stay at least one more night in the South Pacific.
22. Coach (6/7): Walking back into camp, everything is laid out for Cochran and I. We've got two massage tables ready. We've got a shower to the left side. We've got two beautiful South Pacific women that are ready to massage us. There's oils there. Everything smells beautiful, fresh, new, clean.
23. Cochran (8/10): Up to this point, I-I've never had a massage. I-I'm thrilled to see that, you know, some stupid little white lie about when my birthday was, which actually took place six months ago, is helping me at least somewhat in this game, even if it's just to get a free massage.
24. Cochran (9/10): After I received my spa reward, I pulled aside Albert, not only to thank him but to kind of get a feeling of whether he was willing to continue working with me, knowing full well that my name is, you know, the one that's being floated around the most to be voted out tonight.
25. Albert (2/2): Rick, to-to begin with, he's about as sharp as a bowling ball, and then I hear that he's chirping in the background, calling me-- calling names, dropping a Princess here and there. Are you kidding me, Rick? I have a mind right now to get rid of Rick this vote.
26. Edna (4/4): Albert caught wind that Rick was calling him Princess Albert, Prince Albert, because he doesn't do anything around camp. Cochran and I are trying to use that information to try to get Coach to come with us to vote Rick off.
27. Coach (7/7): My decision tonight and which way I go is going to determine the rest of this game. There is a tide that is coming. I either take it and go with a new alliance, or stay with my first five. As William Shakespeare says, “There's a tide that comes in the lives of men that when taken, leads to great fortune. But when omitted, all the rest of their lives are bound in shadows and misery.” I want to make sure that I make the right decision. I want to make sure that I take the right tide so that I can ride that tide all the way to the end of this game that I love so dearly.
28. Cochran (10/10): The big move I made at the merge in jumping over to Upolu, in retrospect, may not have been the best move. I absolutely feel like Upolu used me. The fact that they did absolutely nothing to show any sort of gratitude, apart from lip service, is insulting to me. 
1. Cochran (1/2): The big move I made at the merge in jumping over to Upolu, in retrospect, may not have been the best move. I absolutely feel like Upolu used me. The fact that they did absolutely nothing to show any sort of gratitude, apart from lip service, is insulting to me.
2. Cochran (2/2): I'm not ready to commit to that. And it's kind of insulting that it's already a forgone conclusion in his mind that I'm going to lose at the duel.
3. Ozzy (1/1): He really doesn't stand a chance.
4. Edna (1/4): When Brandon announced that he wanted to pray with the tribe, he made it clear to me yesterday at Tribal that I'm not part of the tribe. I'm next to go. You sleep next to these people and they tell you from Day 1 that you're included in the tribe... blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and we're going to preach honesty and integrity. I-I feel like Cochran has. I feel duped. Coach and how can you say how can you be not the leader? And he's the one who's preaching it day in and day out. That this is-- this is reality. This is real life for these individuals, and to treat me like a second-class citizen, is that true life?
5. Coach (1/7): Right in the middle of Edna's meltdown, Brandon comes running into camp, "Guys guys, guys, it's a Sprint Tree Mail." So we open up this cool bamboo case, and here's this phone... videos from home.
6. Edna (2/4): It was very emotional to see my sister because she's a small version of me-- an overachiever. I'm very proud of her. I don't tell her enough.
7. Brandon (1/2): To see my father was amazing today. I love him, man, and I can't wait to just see him, whether I get to spend time with him or not.
8. Coach (2/7): This is a once in a lifetime opportunity to be on Survivor. It's a once in a ten million opportunity to get to the loved ones' visit. First of all, any type of technology, you can bring out a phone from 1995 and it would maybe look somewhat cool out here, and here's this flat screen phone.
9. Coach (3/7): So this couldn't have come at a better time. This is an incredible pick-me-up at this point in the game. But, I mean, I-I think Ozzy picked me in the hopes I would be in his corner. But I got one better for you, Ozzy, I'm in your house. I want to talk to you.
10. Coach (4/7): If you'll notice in this game, I'll say, “Hey, it would be great to take you to final three.” When I say, “As a Christian man, I promise you that this is what I'm going to do,” that's an irrevocable promise. I want to take Ozzy to the end. Two noble warriors fighting it out to see who the Sole Survivor is.
11. Coach (5/7): Brandon Hantz's dad, a chip off the old block. They're all cut of the same cloth. Brandon's dad comes out here and basically tries to bully me into making sure that his son goes all the way to the end and wins a million dollars.
12. Coach (6/7): It's all about manipulation and control and the Hantz family are the kingpins. But I'm not going to have anybody browbeat me and handcuff me into a final three alliance with Brandon. The kid is a loose cannon and (mouths ticking clock) tick, tick tick, tick, tick... Brandon is a ticking time bomb. But guess what? That tick-tock is not your time bomb. That's your clock. You're about ready to be expired on this island.
13. Brandon (2/2): Brandon's so truthful he sticks his freaking smelly foot in his mouth and gets in trouble. But I'm not going to let this make me down. If she wants to put me as their-- her little bad guy today, I-I'll be the bad guy. Hopefully, my tribe will stay strong and as long as we do I got more game to play and I'm going to enjoy that breakfast on Day 39.
14. Sophie (1/2): Every day, uh, the people in this tribe surprise me with the things they do. And every day, I'm recalculating who I think the jury's going to hate, who I think the jury's going to love. And Brandon opened his mouth. He was really rude to Edna. There was no reason to tell her, "We're all trying to get you out." That's just-- I mean, that's a bullying thing to do.
15. Rick (1/1): Why do you gotta do that, Brandon? And-and I like Edna. It didn't need to happen. She was clearly gonna not win the game so why kick her in the guts? Why, you know, it's like a-- like a little dog? Calling a dog over, “Come here, come here, come here, come here” and then whack it in the gut with your foot. You know, that's-that's not right.
16. Edna (3/4): Brandon did verbalize an apology but it's insincere. It's like beating your wife and then apologizing or buying her a diamond necklace. “I bought her a diamond necklace, I apologized, and that's it.” In his mind, it's like, “Okay, she apologized. Let's move on to the next insult.”
17. Sophie (2/2): I-- Brandon, I think, often thinks his apology absolves all sins, and maybe that's true in church, but on Survivor, uh, people are not as forgiving as, you know, Jesus Christ is. And Edna is not as forgiving and the rest of the tribe, um... It didn't go unnoticed with us.
18. Coach (7/7): Edna, provocatively put something on the table, “Vote out Brandon tonight, keep me, and the four of us will take ownership of this game.” Systematically, she just laid it all out for us. I mean, if there's any argument for us to send somebody else home tonight, she put Brandon-- she served him up slow pitch softball style. A big fat meat pitch that we can knock out of the park. On a day where we thought Edna was definitely gonna go home, that's not the case anymore.
19. Albert (1/1): You know, Edna-Edna can kind of feel the heat bearing down on her. But Edna makes some really good points. Edna said straight up, “I'm not a threat. I'm not going to win the game. I'm not going to be very competitive in challenges. Just save my neck now and I can guarantee you guys a place in the final four.” And at this stage of the game, on Day 32 of Survivor, any time you can have a guaranteed place that deep into the game, it's something that's pretty appealing, and if I can do that, there's a chance that Brandon might have a big surprise tonight.
20. Edna (4/4): I was very disappointed to see Coach write down my name. His constant fear of looking like he's betrayed the tribe has made me feel betrayed by him. 
1. Coach (1/8): Final five, it's a beautiful feeling. Just walking back into the camp we could just feel as if that cloud had lifted off of us and we're all feeling pretty good, you know? We did what we said we were gonna do. We know that we can go at it with honor, loyalty, and integrity.
2. Coach (2/8): We knew that this day would come. More stuff is going to hit the fan because, you know, we know that there's no more loyalty. We know that it's every cat for himself, and so the alliances that people have built up to this point, the alliances within the alliances so-called, are going to be revealed. The real game begins tonight.
3. Albert (1/7): I feel like I have a pretty good idea of what I want to do within this five. I'm in a good position to pull off what I want to think will be the biggest blindside of the game thus far. If only she knew she's next. She got no idea it's coming.
4. Albert (2/7): Since early on in the game, I've been planning to go to the end with Coach and Sophie, but the more and more I look at it, Sophie is getting increasingly dangerous. She's a very well-spoken girl, very intelligent. She's starting to build a little bit of a resume. She's got two immunity wins under her belt and I frankly don't know if I want to sit next to her at the end. My best strategy is to adapt to the players I'm playing with. Who I'm playing with? I've got Coach, I've got Brandon, and I've got Rick.
5. Albert (3/7): If I were picking people off based on how much I like them, Rick would be the first person I get rid of. But the thing about Rick is I think he's the least dangerous person left in the game. He hasn't done anything strategically at all. He hasn't done anything in a challenge. He's got no prayer at all. So the more I think about it, man, if I had my choice, I'd go to the final three with Coach and Rick, because Coach has been the cult leader, Rick has been the follower. I'm kind of a little bit of a rogue in the middle. And I feel like I've been the most aggressive player trying to garner jury votes and position myself to win one million dollars and go home the Sole Survivor.
6. Albert (4/7): When we first got together, the five of us, way back when in the Upolu beach, we talked about honor and integrity all the way. The interesting thing about the honor and integrity card is, in the game of Survivor, I do not care a single thing about honor and integrity. I really don't.
7. Albert (5/7): Brandon really thinks that no matter what happens I'm never going to write his name down, and I've been playing that role strategically because I have to keep Brandon to maintain a guaranteed numbers lock in this game.
8. Brandon (1/5): I made an agreement with Albert, and I believe that to be a 100%. And as long as me, Coach, and Albert stay the course, vote off Sophie, we'll definitely be in control then for sure, no matter what.
9. Sophie (1/3): I think Coach and I are really on the same page. We both recognize that Brandon has done things in the past but I think you've seen a change in Brandon since the merge. Superficially at least, he is the most loyal, the most trustworthy, the most godly man out here and that's not somebody I would want to go to the final three with.
10. Coach (3/8): As the group finally starts to scramble, this is the first time we've really had to turn on each other and it's a very unsettling feeling. Albert came up to me and he was adamant about voting Sophie off. He just blows whichever way the wind goes. And so it was just-- it was disheartening because I've been in a very tight alliance with Sophie since I found the idol. I tried to reason with Albert and he's not having any of it. He's got a thing about Sophie. I think it's because Sophie is smarter than Albert. That's the reason why Albert is intimidated by Sophie, because he's hearing her at Tribal. She's speaking up. She's not this quiet little mouse that he thought that she was and now all of a sudden he's like, “I gotta get rid of Sophie.”
11. Coach (4/8): Brandon really pissed me off. I think Mr. Hantz came down and gave Brandon a shot of the Hantz. You know, all of a sudden, Brandon comes bullying up to us and is like, “What are you guys talking about?" First of all, it's rude to interrupt somebody's conversation. Number two, bullying people is not going to help you at this point. In fact, it's going to seal your fate. I mean, it's so reminiscent of Russell. I-I'm having flashbacks.
12. Coach (5/8): The apple never falls far from the tree. And meeting his father was double confirmation of what I need to do for my next move.
13. Coach (6/8): I believe in divine intervention. It was not Brandon's time to go home tonight. He saved his own skin by winning immunity… and I'm at peace with that. I'm pissed, but I'm at peace with that.
14. Sophie (2/3): Today, worst-case scenario happened. Brandon won immunity. We were hoping to get Brandon out tonight so I feel like the way to go right now is Albert. Coach and I both agree that Albert has just been getting on our nerves more and more and more since the merge. He's been sneaky. He thinks he's more strategic than everyone else. Everything he does is the smartest, most strategic decision possible and more and more, I'm feeling like Albert should go home tonight.
15. Albert (6/7): When somebody says, "Hmm, I'm going to go smell the pizza and see what it's like," and disappears, especially a player like Sophie, I know something's up.
16. Brandon (2/5): It's crazy at camp. Number one, because you got a lot of people who don't know how to tell the truth, and I'm speaking specifically towards Albert. I don't know if I can believe him anymore. I gotta talk to Albert. If Albert puts his foot in his mouth, he'll be going to Redemption.
17. Brandon (3/5): I think Albert's a swell guy, but the Bible says that, “When you sin, your sins are going to be shout out among the rooftops,” and right now, I'm about to go get to the bottom of it.
18. Sophie (3/3): It's so gratifying seeing everything with Albert being exposed because now, instead of a nice little blindside, he gets to go out looking even more pathetic than he's looked this whole game. It's like he's in the toilet bowl, and Brandon and Coach and I and Rick, we all get to have a little chance at flushing him down. Um, he keeps kind of scrambling back up, but I think Jeff will put the final (chuckles) flush tonight.
19. Albert (7/7): I think Brandon took the lid off Pandora's Box today for me, and I just got thrown with a storm of crap. I got a heck of a lot of damage control to do if I want to have a prayer of escaping tonight's vote. If I could just draw Brandon back over with me, man, I-I'm right back where I need to be.
20. Brandon (4/5): I don't know my decision right now about voting Albert. I feel like he's like a wild card, but you know what? I love Albert. He's my friend. Who am I not to forgive? I'm an im-imperfect person. I fo-forgive him. Everyone has lied in this game. Everyone. Even myself. So I'm really, really, really struggling to consider to keep him in this game. The reason I don't want to vote Albert out is because I see him. I see inside of him. I see that he may not have had the intentions that I think he had. And I strongly, strongly believe that Albert deserves to be here. If I have to, I'll give Albert my immunity, and Coach will not vote for me, Albert will not vote for me, and I'll vote for Sophie.
21. Coach (7/8): I want things to be easy and simple, and earlier today, it was kind of black and white because we had one man, Albert, that had just completely lied to the camp. So it's justification that he goes. But then Brandon brings in forgiveness, and then the Immunity Necklace. And it makes it so hard to determine right from wrong. It makes it so hard to figure out, who should go? Who deserves to stay? Which alliance I should be in? Which people I can trust?
22. Coach (8/8): I bowed down, and humbly sought God to give me an answer of what I should do tonight if Brandon gives his necklace to Albert. I begged God to speak to me like He's never spoken to me before. I asked God to give me the Holy Spirit of divine interpretation and wisdom. I prayed, and there was a name in my head over and over and over again, and I cleaned the slate, and I asked for it again. And it came over and over and over and over again. My soul has never grieved like it does in this moment.
23. Brandon (5/5): I think there's definitely going to be a lot of critics about the move that I made. The funny part about it is I don't care. Um, you're not out here for 35 days you haven't built a relationship out here, and if you haven't played before, you don't understand. 
1. Brandon (1/1): I fell on my sword for Albert last night, and, uh, I was stabbed with another sword in the back, and despite the fact that it hurts to get stabbed in the back by your closest friend, your best friend, it's okay. I made a commitment to Albert. I forgive him. I love him, and I hope he learns from what he did last night.
2. Ozzy (1/7): He wasn't blindsided. He gave up the freaking Immunity Necklace. Whenever you give up Immunity Necklace, your ass is going home. Brandon is supposedly playing this (air quotes) “loyal” game when in fact, he's playing a blind faith game. He's playing the game like he's playing with God and he's not. He's playing with human beings that are greedy and want that money.
3. Sophie (1/6): Tribal was crazy, but it was fantastic. Brandon made one of the stupidest moves ever to be made and gave his necklace away. And I think the great thing is that Albert not giving back the necklace seemed like a really cowardly move in front of the jury.
4. Coach (1/10): Albert knew that Brandon was going home tonight. There's no sense for that lie. Just own yourself! Own your action. I'm sick of people coming out here and trying to look like they're holier than thou. Won't stand for any more of this jury politicking, hamming it up with the other side.
5. Albert (1/6): Today has been the most humbling day for me and it's put me on kind of a precarious spot, and if I can't find a way to repair my alliance right now and get back in good standing with my tribe, you know, I'm going to be in a lot of trouble, man.
6. Ozzy (2/7): I've been on Redemption Island for over two weeks. I've been fishing better than I ever have in my life. I've been eating better than I have in any Survivor game I've ever played. I've been preparing myself for this one duel, and then to get back in the game. Redemption Island has become home to me and I love it here. I really do. I found out things about myself that I've never would have imagined. I can't say that I won't miss this place because I will. I really will miss Redemption, but I'm also so excited to get back in the game and get back to real life with possibly a million dollars.
7. Sophie (2/6): Watching the guys in the duel, Brandon was going like a maniac. I guess the terrifying thing was Ozzy was still able to beat him. And if Ozzy keeps winning immunity, there's really only so much I can do.
8. Albert (2/6): It's definitely strange to have Ozzy back in our midst. It's us four versus him. We all know we want him out. He must know we want him out and there's nothing we can do but go in the next challenge and beat his butt.
9. Ozzy (3/7): As soon as we got back from the challenge, Coach wants to talk deals. Coach wants to say, “I still want to take you to the final three.” I'm like, “Okay, Coach, whatever you say, man. Sure.” Do I honestly believe that he wants to take me? Who in their right mind would want to take me to the end right now? After battling from Redemption and coming back after eight people straight? Come on. The only thing I can do is win.
10. Coach (2/10): There's a big part of me that really wants to play this game with Ozzy. There's a big part of me that really wants to get to the end with Ozzy. But I think that my alignments in this game are so secure with so many different people, that right now, it's like in the NBA Finals and I'm up by 14 and there's four minutes left on the clock. This is my game to lose right now and the reason why I say that is because Rick wants to take me to the final three, Sophie wants to take me to the final three, Albert wants to take me to the final three, Ozzy wants to take me to the final three. It's my game to lose.
11. Ozzy (4/7): I love this. I've been waiting these, I don't know, what?... 37 days now?... to see these guys just start eating each other up and I am going to be a facilitator in that process. You know, it just feels good. I've got the necklace. I know I'm not going home, so I'm trying to pit every single person against each other now, because either way, I start looking like the good guy.
12. Coach (3/10): No matter who goes home tonight, it's a hard choice. It's heartbreaking. It's gut wrenching. Uh, we don't want to do it but loyalties will be broken tonight.
13. Coach (4/10): It's really interesting, you know, how the game twists and turns. I was leaning towards Albert going next, but now I'm thinking of the final three. Putting Rick in there, good ol' boy, everybody loves the stories, you know, he hasn't pissed anybody off. The jury might look for a very likable person that's been a hard worker that just says, “Aw, shucks, I kept my word.”
14. Albert (3/6): Ozzy just gave me a big pitch about why I should vote against Sophie tonight. And realistically, Sophie is a pretty big threat. She's won Individual Immunities and I think she'll be pretty good in front of a jury. She's gonna speak well. If she gets to the end, she might be a heck of a lot tougher to beat than Rick. So, I have a little bit of a decision to make, and I have a lot of factors to take into consideration. And there is a pretty good argument for both sides.
15. Rick (1/1): I was talking to Coach, he's like, “I think Sophie threw you under the bus,” and he just kept trying to walk off. Coach is pretty good about skirting the truth. You gotta really pay attention to his words 'cause he's like an attorney. He'll tell you something, you know, but he won't come out and-and commit to anything.
16. Albert (4/6): If you just follow Coach's traditional playbook, conventional wisdom would tell you he'd be interested in maybe bringing Ozzy to the end. You know, he always wants to say, “I want to surround myself with the strongest player,” and it's undeniable Ozzy has played the strongest game.
17. Albert (5/6): I don't think I'll get voted out tonight but I am worried about my endgame, and if Coach is thinking that he might want to go to end with Sophie and Ozzy, I might have to be inclined to listen to what Ozzy has to say and get rid of Sophie.
18. Ozzy (5/7): I made it to the final four. I'm so close to finishing this game, and I want this so bad. I can just sense victory. And I didn't come out here to quit. I do have a “Plan B.” “Plan B” is to win. I have “Plan A,” win. “Plan B,” win. I know they're doing whatever they can to get an edge, an advantage, so do I plan on sharing the coconuts that I take down? Hell, no. No way. So, I'm just trying to fuel my body and get ready for today's challenge.
19. Coach (5/10): I woke up this morning, and I knew that I needed to clear the air with Ozzy. Yeah, I felt like I had given him respect. I felt like I had told him the truth, and in reciprocation, I had gotten stabbed in the back.
20. Coach (6/10): Ozzy opened up to me and he let me know that this game had really hurt him bad-- not the game itself, but the people that he had played with. He had given his implicit trust in people and they had burned him and when I saw that in Ozzy, my heart broke for him. Everything changed for me in that instant.
21. Ozzy (6/7): I've been playing this game to win, and I think he understands where I'm coming from. All this could be a big joke on me. I don't even know, but it doesn't matter because this is it, baby. Day 38. This is the last challenge that I will ever play in this game. The fact is that they tried their hardest yesterday, they're going to try their hardest today, but so am I. This is the moment of truth, and I'm ready. I will leave everything I have in that challenge because this challenge for me is worth a million dollars.
22. Ozzy (7/7): Just got back from the Final Challenge and I lost. (chuckles) Of course, stupid puzzle. My mind turned inside out and I couldn't do it. (tearfully) Everything that I've done and I've put into this game, just came crashing down. But I'm not going to give up. I'm gonna try something. You know, Coach told me he wanted to take me to the end, but something tells me he's going to change his mind. I don't know. But... (hears others celebrating and sneers)
23. Sophie (3/6): Everything was riding on this challenge. Beating Ozzy was crucial. Ozzy had to be out of this game. And I think beyond that, being the one to beat Ozzy, must be something I can hang my hat on come Final Tribal.
24. Sophie (4/6): Nobody can be as confident as I am right now. I have the necklace around my neck, but tonight is not a lock for Albert and Coach. There could be a 2-2 tie tonight. I think that Albert will definitely vote for Ozzy. I'll definitely vote for Ozzy. But Coach's relationship with Ozzy has been a bit behind closed doors. He had long conversations with him at Redemption, at the merge, this morning. Coach could be playing a game that Albert and I don't know about. I hope that's not the case because I do think that I have very little shot of-- for the million against Ozzy.
25. Coach (7/10): I have said from the beginning of Day 1, that I want to take the best to the end. I want to take the strongest to the end. I want to take the warriors to the end. And Ozzy, in every sense of the word, is a warrior, albeit arrogant, but he is a warrior.
26. Coach (8/10): The dilemma that I have now, why isn't there an easy vote at this time? Why can't I say to myself, “Cool, man, it's the enemy that we've been fighting against all along. It's Ozzy!” Why can't it be easy? But it's still, on Day 38, racks my brain because I'm sitting here with another anguishing decision. Another decision that's going to rip my heart out.
27. Coach (9/10): Tribal tonight, there was a dilemma in my mind. But at the end of the day, I mean, it really was a no-brainer. So Ozzy went home tonight. We came back as a family and for us to be here at Day 38, I forgot who said it, Mark Twain, Shakespeare, one of those guys said, you know, “If I'm in a dream right now, let me never wake up.” I'm just on cloud nine. I'm totally elated. It's truly amazing, and I'm truly and utterly blessed.
28. Sophie (5/6): We woke up and we go to Tree Mail, and there's just more food than I've eaten this whole entire time and I-I couldn't help myself. I was hopping up and down like a bunny. After 39 days of deprivation, having this one day where we suddenly get everything, it's amazing. I think we're all really proud of ourselves today. I think we really are, realizing that, you know, we did it. Nobody can vote us out.
29. Sophie (6/6): I talked to Coach a bit about how to handle Albert. I'd like Albert, to live up in Tribal Council, to being a bit squirrelly, a bit wormy. I thought today more and more about my emotional breakdown at Tribal. I want to keep my composure tonight. The last thing I want to do is seem like this complete, you know, nut job, you know, crazy emotional crying, because I think that's somebody who doesn't deserve to go to the end. So I'm going to try to go in, um, perhaps a bit more logically than emotionally.
30. Albert (6/6): Going to Tribal tonight, I feel confident because I feel like I played a head and shoulders better game than the other two. So not only do I know how to express myself well and I know how to kind of persuade well, but I truly think I played the best game of the three remaining. So that's going to make me feel confident about my answers, feel poised and not feel defensive or on my heels, but feel kind of stronger and a little bit sharper.
31. Coach (10/10): I started this journey three years ago. I wanted to change the game and I nicknamed myself The Dragon Slayer. I got voted off. I kind of felt like a fool. So I came back on Heroes and Villains and I felt like I became The Dragon, because I made way too early of an exit. But now is the third and final chapter of my journey on Survivor. The analogy, you look back to the ancient Chinese, the story goes that the dragon came into the fire and through that fire, resurrecting from the ashes, came this beautiful phoenix, and I feel like that is me. I see myself going from destruction to absolute victory. I see myself rising above everybody, rising above all the misery that I had to go through, and I want to see this final chapter have a happy ending. I want on that last day standing to have truly risen from the ashes and become the ultimate victor in this game.
