1. Alicia (1/1): When they dropped us off, you know, everybody was designated a certain thing to do, and, uh, they gave Nick the compass. For some reason... although the compass said one way... we kept going the wrong way.
2. Nick (1/1): Even from the beginning, I was finding, like, people were automatically getting on people's nerves. Um, yeah, we were walking through the grass, and Kimmi was like, "I can't stand, uh, Debb."
3. Kimmi (1/6): Debb's not even a bad person. She means well. It's just she's not somebody that, in the outside world, that I would talk to, because... she'd make me crazy.
4. Maralyn (1/2): The hike, uh... it was a little intimidating. Um, I was afraid, "Good grief, what if I get so winded that I can't keep up?"
5. Colby (1/3): That trek let me know that this was for real. That was a long trek we had through deep sand with a lot of heavy equipment, and I was packing more weight than anyone else, so I was really struggling. It was a long trip, and that was... that fired me up, because that is the quickest way to find out what people are made of.
6. Amber (1/1): (groans) I'm a little tired. This rice is very heavy. I really want to get there soon.
7. Keith (1/4): We don't know how far away we are, so I'm going to run up this and do a little reconnaissance, see if we can find out where we're at. I figure if it's really far, we'll drape some of our stuff here, and we won't take it. If we're not far, then we'll buck up and get it there.
8. Jerri (1/4): Keith actually ran ahead to go scout out where the camp was, 'cause we were all getting pretty tired, and the last leg of that walk was really difficult.
9. Jeff (1/5): I'm feeling really weak, and, um, on the verge of throwing up just ever since I got here. It started with the plane flight. In the beginning, it was really fun, and it was kind of cool and groovy, and I was enjoying the ride, and then all of a sudden, I just got sort of nauseous, and I kept thinking to myself, (chuckles) "I'm not going to get sick. I'm not going to get sick. I will not throw up." So I sort of went into this little zone and breathed, and I don't remember any of it.
10. Kimmi (2/6): Rodger carried one of the big water jugs. Mike had a big water jug. Poor Elisabeth had the board on her head, and then I had the eight bottled waters wrapped around me, so the-the four of us kind of got separated from the other four when we were walking to our campground.
11. Elisabeth (1/3): I mean, everything was heavy to carry. There's... you can't discount any of our equipment as easy to carry, but some of it was just more awkward. And some of the crossings, we had to go, you know, down a sharp valley of rocks and up again, and kind of wind and balance across a river. And it was frustrating, too, but with the water jugs and, you know, the water canteens, and... I mean, that stuff is just awkward.
12. Kimmi (3/6): When we arrived, it was just a moment of ecstasy, 'cause it's like, "Yes! I've worked this far just to see this silly thing." I mean... And not just physically from here, but just mentally preparing yourself for the whole journey, like, all the airplane flights from New York to California to Australia, from the other part of Australia to here to there. You know, there were just so many things in sequence to get you to that flag that just being at that flag is just an accomplishment.
13. Elisabeth (2/3): As soon as we got out of the river, I think we just... this kind of realization. We got a little cold, and we realized that we're going to... We have to sleep somewhere, and we just wanted to feel a little safe and dry. So we got to work as much as we could on building the basis of a home.
14. Michael (1/3): When we started building the shelter, I thought everybody started chipping in, because there was the wood gatherers, and there was the people that were building, and, uh, I had worked a lot of, uh, you know, some construction in my life, and I-I had a reasonable sense of, uh, of-of construction.
15. Debb (1/4): It seems like one individual in the group is... ordering everybody around. And if you guys haven't figured it out, it's Mike. You can't have one person step in and start ordering everybody around, 'cause it's not going to play, and it's not playing right now, and not just with me, but with others. Rodger used to build homes. Rodger is the one who helped to build this shelter. He knows what he's doing. Well, Mike comes over and starts telling him how to build it, and-and Rodger was like, "No, that isn't going to work."
16. Keith (2/4): As soon as we hit the beach, you know, it was really kind of amazing. Collectively, we all dispersed to do something different.
17. Jerri (2/4): When we got to our camp, I was considering at that point anything and everything anybody was doing or saying as a strategic move.
18. Mitchell (1/2): Colby-- his luxury item was the Texan flag, which was great, because it served as the tarp that covers... covers us and blocks us from the wind and the sun.
19. Colby (2/3): I really did bring the flag to serve as shelter, but, you know, don't get me wrong. When I wake up in the morning, there's two things I'm thankful for. I'm thankful I'm alive, and I'm thankful I'm a Texan.
20. Jerri (3/4): The tension between Keith and I... I think him and I kind of... rubbed each other the wrong way.
21. Jerri (4/4): Keith and I didn't start off on a very good foot, because of some of the condescending mark-remarks he made to me, and he might very well not even be aware that he does it, but I'm not the kind of person to just let it slide off my back.
22. Debb (2/4): Kimmi is a happy-go-lucky person who's got... I-I don't even know how to describe her. I don't know what the right word is. You know, nothing is taboo with her-- nothing at all.
23. Jeff (2/5): Kimmi will not shut up. You know, I'm tired at night. I want to go to sleep, and they're constantly talking. And with the headache that I have, it just reverberates. Kimmi cannot say a single thing without screaming it. All of a sudden, out of the blue, with that accent that just talks and talks and talks and talks and talks... I just want to grab her by the neck and shake the (expletive censor) out of her, you know?
24. Michael (2/3): I think we're starting to get to know each other, and people are not accustomed to this kind of lifestyle yet. I'm a little accustomed to this lifestyle, because I do hunt and I do fish and I do camp, so it's not that foreign to me. When I saw those figs, it was a big rush. And two or three people came over and helped pick the figs, and we brought 'em back, and, uh... I bit into one right off the tree.
25. Jeff (3/5): Mike, he opens up these figs, and he's... showing us these bugs, and I'm just wanting to eat that thing so bad 'cause I'm starving, and these bugs are just creepy, and flying around, and I don't eat anyth... you know, I-I cook my food.
26. Debb (3/4): We very well might be cold and hungry tonight, but not if we can help it. The fire is the most important thing for survival. We need to eat, and we need to boil water. That's all I care about.
27. Kimmi (4/6): Debb works very hard, and she means well, but she's like, "Well, in the camping book, it says to do it like this." And-and you know what? We could have the wrong wood. We could have the wrong rocks, something. She's making herself an authority on something actively on what she read, and not on actually doing. Had she went and practiced this stuff at home, I would take her opinion a lot more, you-you know, seriously.
28. Rodger (1/3): One thing we tried to do in starting the fire was use my Bible, which I had brought along. It was my luxury item. And, uh, we tore some pages out of it. Uh, it wasn't the pages that actually had any scripture in it, but I would've used that. You know, if you're... you got to do with what you got.
29. Rodger (2/3): That was a nice little piece of home when you... when you least, least expect it, you know. Then it said go to page 200, and then go to page 150, and we went through that about seven or eight times, I think, till we... till we finally came to the end. And it was a little sentimental for me, to tell you the truth, to hear it.
30. Keith (3/4): I've never started a fire before from scratch, but, you know, I knew nightfall was coming. We'd have no light, and that we'd be able to cook nothing, um... and we wouldn't have a bonfire, so it was... it was pretty critical.
31. Colby (3/3): Keith is just licking his chops. He's wanting to cook so bad, he can't stand it, and so you can bet he's going to work on this fire thing until we lick it.
32. Keith (4/4): Since Jerri and I had our little confrontation before, I thought, you know, this is a great time to get her involved with this process, to be a part of it somehow, with something she brought that was important to her.
33. Maralyn (2/2): Until we can get a fire and boil water... we're not going to be eating much of anything.
34. Kimmi (5/6): All right, we just got our notice for the first Immunity Challenge, and we're going to go kick some butt, 'cause we're all together on this, and we're going to go get us some fire, and we're going to go, uh, get us some food. Fire means food, so that's what we're going to go do. We're going to go there, we're going to fight hard and win.
35. Elisabeth (3/3): Winning immunity is the most important thing. We need to... beat, beat, beat the other tribe. We'll let them eliminate someone on their team first.
36. Mitchell (2/2): This Immunity Challenge is extremely important, because we have to show the other team that we're better, you know, and plus, we have to have fire in order to start eating rice.
37. Rodger (3/3): Yesterday's Immunity Challenge was a big letdown. Uh... uh, not only physically, but emotionally. I think probably more so emotionally. As far as the Tribal Council goes tonight, which are... which we have to go to, uh, I don't think any of us are looking forward to it.
38. Debb (4/4): I don't know. I'm not betting on me getting voted off, but I think it's-it's down to, like, me, Rodger or maybe, um... Jeff, because he hasn't been feeling good. My personal opinion is the strong survive.
39. Jeff (4/5): It's like there's a part of me that's a little paranoid about who's talking to who. I see these two standing over across, um... Mike and Rodger standing across the river talking. They're not fishing. They're not doing anything. They're just talking, and, uh, the wheels start turning, and I'm just... my eyes are going around. Just because we've said what we're doing doesn't necessarily mean it's gonna happen, and I haven't been with these people long enough to know for sure how well... I mean, I'm not gonna trust anybody, but there's a certain... to a certain point, you have to.
40. Kimmi (6/6): It's like going to court. Tribal Council is going to court. Nobody likes to go to court, you know, but if you broke the law, you got to go, and we broke the law by not winning, so we... you know... we got to go face our punishment. Our punishment... is to get rid of one of our own.
41. Michael (3/3): The people that I think that are in jeopardy tonight are potentially Jeff, because of the health issues, and Rodger might not be safe. He could be a liability in the challenges, and especially swimming challenges and climbing challenges. And it's not just Rodger. It would be anybody over 50 years old.
42. Jeff (5/5): I mean, I-I'm looking forward to voting somebody out, 'cause it's the game, and I'm here to play the game. I'm not here to make friends. I'm not here for that. People have got to go, and I look forward to walking up, writing somebody's name on a card and talking about 'em. (laughs) Um... (laughs) I'm getting ready to do it.
1. Jeff (1/4): I saw Mike getting up really early. The sun was just coming up. Everybody was asleep, and I woke up and I saw Mike messing around with the fire and putting stuff on the pot, and I couldn't understand what he was doing. And so as we were waking up, we realized he put rice on, and nobody said anything about eating rice. Nobody said they were hungry. And he left. He just put the rice on, and he left.
2. Alicia (1/3): Mike was hungry. That's why he did that. And-and that is another indication of Mike being Mike; about himself.
3. Michael (1/4): Every day we've been having breakfast first thing in the morning. And I got up, and I thought I was being really helpful, and I cleaned the pot and I boiled the water and I made the rice, and I was going to have a warm meal for everybody when they woke up.
4. Jeff (2/4): It cooked too long, and it was mashy and just nasty.
5. Michael (2/4): It was odd that in fact it not only wasn't appreciated, they didn't like it. I think people are starting to get a little bit edgy without food, and they don't realize how bad it's going to get. I'm a student of nutrition, and I know what this is doing to my body. But these other people have no idea. If they did, they would be out fishing and hunting for food. But they don't. I guess maybe the way that I can convince them of the importance of the food is by catching a lot of it and then feeling full one time and seeing what happens to their body and how much energy they have. Maybe that's how I can convince them.
6. Mitchell (1/5): Kel is like the fisherman of the group. He's very persistent in that area, and part of me thinks it's because he feels if he does catch a fish, that might, um, keep him here longer.
7. Maralyn (1/7): There's a time to be energized, and then there's a time to just chill out. So we're going to the family whirlpool.
8. Kel (1/4): Our food strategy right now is rice. I mean, rice is our staple. I don't see that rice lasting us more than ten days. We do need to get some fish out of this river.
9. Keith (1/4): Our plan for getting food is, uh... We don't really have a good plan, actually.
10. Mitchell (2/5): I say stop wasting the energy on fishing. And I don't think there's any fish out there.
11. Kel (2/4): We've got some great hooks that were in the crate, but I don't have any fishing line. And so what I've had to use is twine, and twine, um, is not as great as fishing line-- it breaks, you have to weave it together to get through the hole. The fish can see it, obviously, and plus the twine floats, so I have to tie a rock to the twine to make the twine sink, which makes it even more noticeable to the fish.
12. Colby (1/2): Kel's done a little bit of fishing which just, I mean, come on, the guy couldn't fish a rubber ducky out of a bathtub. The bait choices, the-the lines... He's just going about it the wrong way.
13. Kel (3/4): So I've been trying to fish every day, and I've been unsuccessful, but I'm not going to quit. I'm going to keep on doing it and doing it and doing it until I can find a great fishing spot or a technique that works.
14. Jerri (1/9): Believe me, when he goes out, I'm hoping more than anybody that he's going to come back with some fish and some shrimp, and we will have a big seafood buffet. But it's not happening. And it's... (laughs) He's just, he's not a fisherman, obviously. He should keep his day job. (laughs)
15. Rodger (1/3): Today's challenge is, I believe, is probably going to be jumping off a cliff into some water. Water is not my finest... my uh, finest point, so, uh, I'm a little apprehensive. But, uh, I figure if the rest of them can do it, I can, too, so I'm going to give it a shot.
16. Jeff (3/4): Rodger is the only one that I'm a little iffy about. I think everybody else is going to go over it. But he can't swim. He can tread water, lightly.
17. Rodger (2/3): I just, basically, learned to swim right before we came out here. Plus I'm... I really got a little fear of heights, too. I mean, you're talking to a guy that wouldn't even ride the, uh, Ferris wheel at the fairs, 'cause I just-just never did like heights.
18. Maralyn (2/7): You know, all it takes is one small mound in the ground to really screw with your body bad.
19. Tina (1/5): You know, we're not getting eight hours' sleep. We're not getting... you know, but a handful of food a day. But, you know, this is the game we signed up to play.
20. Amber (1/1): Keith says he's a chef, but... and it's not that I don't believe that he can't cook very well, you know? And it's not... I'm not doubting his talent. But I think it might be that he's adding maybe too much water to the rice.
21. Tina (2/5): It's pasty. It tastes like glue. It just... in your mouth, it goes (smacking lips) It's just horrible, and I can't eat it.
22. Jerri (2/9): It just... it didn't make sense. It didn't make sense. Like, how could a gourmet chef not know how to make rice? I remembered that with flour and water you can create some sort of dough.
23. Jerri (3/9): Keith is very threatened by the fact that I made this tortilla this morning. That's why... I heard them when they went up on the hill, and they were gathering wood, and he was talking again about what he's gonna to do with the rice and the vegetables and this, and... you know, you just have to laugh. You just have to laugh.
24. Keith (2/4): So there's so much work to do as a team that, uh... and it's hard, physical labor to come up here and grab all these big logs and stuff and throw them down. So if she wants to cook some, uh, tortillas for breakfast, I think it's fantastic. Actually, it's a break for me, you know? (chuckles) No... no worries, mate.
25. Jerri (4/9): I felt a little bit bad about it, but at the same time, you know, I felt like it was time for somebody to come in and take charge and change the food situation.
26. Tina (3/5): Jerri's gonna take that job over, which I hope doesn't hurt Keith's feelings. You know, I mean, that's his area, and it's kind of a slap in the face.
27. Jerri (5/9): Keith has gone out of his way to compliment me a lot now, to, like, try and smooth the edges. And I see... I mean, I see right through it. I don't... I don't think his compliments are necessarily very genuine. You know, the morale right now is kind of low, but I think the tortilla made everybody spark up, so I'm really stoked about that. And I got a few other tricks to pull out of my sleeve.
28. Michael (3/4): I want to bring food today. If I can keep providing food, I absolutely am sure I will make the merger. If I can't, I become vulnerable. I've been thinking a lot about the fact that at Tribal Council it came out that I was the leader, and I don't really want to be seen as the leader. So if I can get something, I'll lay real low on the other leadership areas and just be the food guy.
29. Jeff (4/4): When other people catch a fish, they just catch a fish, but when Mike catches it, there are trumpets that blare and angels that sing. And, you know, everybody's got to sit down and gather round him and hold his hands and watch him carve it out.
30. Kimmi (1/3): Mike thanked God for making him the leader of the tribe. I don't know when he was anointed, but... apparently, my back was turned at that moment.
31. Rodger (3/3): Michael does like to be in the limelight-- I don't think there's any doubt about that. But as long as Mike keeps delivering the food, though, that's gonna be a hard one to knock off, you know.
32. Alicia (2/3): He really thinks he is leader of this tribe. I'm telling you now that there are people in this tribe that want to vote him off already.
33. Maralyn (3/7): I am very disappointed at what happened five minutes ago. Jerri reported to the rest of us that she had seen Kel chewing a brown substance-- what she thought was beef jerky.
34. Mitchell (3/5): Jerri blatantly said that she saw something that looked just like beef jerky go into his mouth, and I... I believe her, actually.
35. Jerri (6/9): I mean to have your own team member possibly be holding food behind you and surviving on their own little private stash while the rest of us are... starving, basically, is not a good way to start off on the right foot with a bunch of strangers.
36. Maralyn (4/7): The pot starts to boil. While Kel was up on the hill, they rifled through his bag.
37. Tina (4/5): You know, it was like a big feeding frenzy. You know, "Kel's got beef jerky," and they said, "Look in his backpack real quick," and I was standing right there, and I did it. And there wasn't anything in there at all. But still and yet, all I was thinking about, "If I find beef jerky in here, it's gonna be ugly."
38. Maralyn (5/7): Within earshot of Kel, it was overheard, and Kel came back down.
39. Jerri (7/9): Well, in order to put grass in your mouth, you have to go get grass first. And I don't think you get grass out of your pocket.
40. Jerri (8/9): He suddenly, at that point, offered his razor. And I think that that's the hugest sign of guilt is to give to the people who have just accused you of something that is very serious.
41. Maralyn (6/7): I suggested to them all, "Hey, what you all did was totally inappropriate. It was wrong. Nobody had any right to go into Kel's bag." I said, "Don't you think that it would be in the best interest of the team to be big enough to apologize to him?" They said, "No. No." Gee whiz. Four days, things are heating up at our encampment.
42. Kimmi (2/3): Our Immunity Challenge came to us and it's something about "rub-a-dub-dub, we're eating a grub" or something. I'm a vegetarian, which means I don't eat land-dwelling animals. I'm not going to compromise my, you know, situation, um, now.
43. Alicia (3/3): Kimmi's not going to compromise her morals. But coming into a game like this, you can't come in with a whole list of things you're not going to do and you're not going to eat because you're not helping your tribe, you're not helping your team morale.
44. Michael (4/4): If Rodger can jump off a cliff and swim that long distance and down the rapids with never having swum before, I think Kimmi should be able to reach down and be able to do this.
45. Kimmi (3/3): You know what, I can't do it, and I'm disappointing six people that are rooting for me. Now, you know, I have no excuse for-for not being, um, voted off the island. I could be gone, just like that.
46. Tina (5/5): I'll definitely feel bad about having to vote somebody off. There's some humiliation involved with being the first one voted off.
47. Keith (3/4): You know, it's a bittersweet opportunity. Actually, it's a bitter opportunity. There is no sweetness to it. We have to eliminate a person within our group. It could be me. I mean, uh, it really could be me. For all I know, I could be the individual going.
48. Mitchell (4/5): Keith is, um, he's a bit bossy. He's very condescending, and he's definitely... close to going.
49. Colby (2/2): If you were looking to paint a bull's-eye on someone, obviously Keith has struck a nerve in a few people. Um, but also Jerri. She's certainly, um, a very strong girl and very set in her ways. Sometimes, uh, a little unforgiving in-in certain areas. So that kind of makes her a point of friction to some people.
50. Maralyn (7/7): Some things that, uh, that she's done have really made me... me bristle.
51. Kel (4/4): At this point I'm going to vote for Jerri. And the reason why I'm going to vote for Jerri is because I've already told Maralyn that I was going to do that, and I'm not going to break my word. And Maralyn told me she was going to vote for Jerri, too. And I trust Maralyn.
52. Jerri (9/9): I think Kel is a liar and a cheat. And as much as I don't want to believe that to be the truth, he would probably be the first one I would want to vote off.
53. Mitchell (5/5): I think the name of the game is trust no one. I don't think you could trust your own grandparents out here. I mean, I think I would vote them right off just 'cause (laughs) they've been married for 50 years. That's a good alliance.
54. Keith (4/4): This game is all about deceit, deception and how to play using your mind to win.
1. Michael (1/3): Ultimately, this game is about the million dollars, but you need to take sm-small steps along the way to get there. And some of the small steps along-along the way to get there are eating, because none of us are going to win the million dollars if we don't have protein in our bodies and we can win the challenges.
2. Jeff (1/8): Mike wants to go out four hours a day and look for food because Mike is hungry. Nobody else is up for that.
3. Michael (2/3): I am very, very determined to get a pig. They got to drink sometime and there's got to be tracks somewhere and I'm going to ambush one.
4. Michael (3/3): Once I see a pig, it's going to be a, you know, an incredible act of exertion to try and get it. But I'm going to build a spear with the knife on the end, and then I'm going to run one down, and I'm going to get as close as I can and I'm just going to kind of, you know, figure it out from there.
5. Elisabeth (1/4): We have one knife, and that one knife, it might as well be food, but he wants to go and spear a pig. Really? Have we seen a pig? We haven't seen a pig. I haven't seen a pig. Believe me, if I see a pig, I'll want to eat it, but to just go spear just because you want to come back with one on your stick and be, like "Rah, rah"? I don't know.
6. Jeff (2/8): The spear. The spear. The stupid spear. "I'm going to go catch pigs." And he takes our knife and our rope. That's classic Mike. He's an idiot. I want to see your pig. Go get me a pig.
7. Tina (1/6): To be honest, I didn't expect this adventure to be this hard. I find myself just craving food. Doritos-- I want a bag of Doritos more than anything in the world.
8. Colby (1/9): We haven't had any meat in a week now, and the lack of protein hasn't taken its toll yet, but it's going to.
9. Jerri (1/8): I think the main thing that's been keeping us from getting fish is our fishing line, so this is a huge reward today.
10. Amber (1/3): I'm worried about running out of food and running out of rice. And we've been trying to eat it sparingly, but... It's going to run out sooner or later and, uh, I would love to catch a fish out there or something.
11. Keith (1/10): It's going to be physical, no matter how you look at it, but what we're trying to decide is whether it's a group effort or if it ends up falling on one person, and if we have to choose one person, well, it makes no sense not to choose, uh, Colby. He's the strongest, my God.
12. Maralyn (1/3): Cowboy can handle any challenge.
13. Colby (2/9): I would like to think that, win or lose on this deal, that my stock wouldn't fluctuate at all, and people can say, "Colby, don't worry about it. We don't want to put any pressure on you. If you don't... if you don't pull through, it's no big deal." But internally, I don't think that's the case.
14. Tina (2/6): I can't wait to get the food you don't have to work your butt off so hard to get. I mean, we have done fantastic on a small amount of food. You get food in us, and we're going to be unstoppable.
15. Colby (3/9): Winning this competition means a lot more to us than just bringing home, uh, a bag of-of fishing supplies. These are the days when it comes down to morale, and the mental edge going into this. And we're three and one now. The stats are pretty good for us. I certainly don't think this answers everything. We still got to catch the fish. The fish aren't going to jump into our camp.
16. Mitchell (1/8): At the time, I didn't think that Reward Challenge was very important because something told me there really wasn't a lot of fish out here. And it sucks that they didn't give us the fish. They give us the means to catch the fish. (laughs)
17. Jerri (2/8): I couldn't stop smiling. Keith said there were no fish. He said, "There's no fish out there." Him and Kel both were saying that for days and days. They were practically jumping in the boats.
18. Keith (2/10): When they came back with fish, they immediately said, "Oh, where's the chef?" The "chef" word's never been used before. As a chef, my strategy was to come in here and create just spectacular dinners and meals, and until now, we've had zero luck at doing anything from the rivers or from the flora, for that matter.
19. Amber (2/3): Today is Day 7, and we have caught our first fish so actually, that's not too bad. It did take us a week, but hey, it's better than two weeks.
20. Jerri (3/8): I think right now, everybody's pretty happy that Keith is there to cook the fish that we've been catching. I know sometimes he says things to other people that kind of rub them the wrong way, but I'm probably the one who gets irritated with him the most. I'm aware of that.
21. Colby (4/9): The most tension in the tribe seems to be between Jerri and Keith. With the cooking and everyone responding well to her cooking, (whistles) that put them on a level playing field there, and so there's not really a power struggle yet, but it could definitely come to that point. Even when Keith was over filleting the fish, I noticed there were several eyes paying attention, and what that tells me is that his stock didn't go up at all. You know, all he did was basically play the role of instructor on how to cook fish.
22. Tina (3/6): The fish that Keith made was excellent. That was like a blessing 'cause we were starving. We were so hungry.
23. Mitchell (2/8): So his first meal wasn't that great, but his first meal of fish was fantastic.
24. Keith (3/10): Tonight's dinner was definitely a success. Since cooking the fish, I think my stock's gone up, uh, a good amount. I think the team has, uh, been pretty excited about what I've been able to do for them.
25. Mitchell (3/8): I've never had such a great meal. But you know what? Jerri could do that, I could even do that. So having a chef out here isn't as crucial as he may think, because we don't have a lot to work with.
26. Kimmi (1/3): I'm usually on top of the water. I filled up eight jugs this morning, and now I'm refil... I refilled up... this is the second one, so now I've done ten jugs of water. It's a lot of work because you've got to boil this crocodile creek water before you can drink it. You got to go down and fill the big jug and then go up, boil the water, let the water cool, put it in the big container. I mean, it doesn't seem like you're contributing a lot because it's gone, as soon as it's there, it's gone.
27. Rodger (1/3): I have noticed the amount of work that Kimmi has been doing. And it seems to be a whole lot more than... than really just about anybody else. She's really worried that she's going to be the next one to go.
28. Kimmi (2/3): I sometimes feel vulnerable because I don't have a tight, tight bond with somebody that could be pulling for me in my corner. Yeah, that might be a bad thing because I might be just, like, "Oh, easy target, pick Kimmi off."
29. Alicia (1/4): Every job and task that Kimmi takes on in this camp can be taken over by somebody else, for sure.
30. Jeff (3/8): Well, there's sort of, um, a little battle between Kentucky Joe and Kimmi. Some of the people in the tribe feel that we will be stronger without Kentucky Joe.
31. Elisabeth (2/4): I know in the beginning there was talk of voting Rodger off and I tried really hard to rally people not to do it just 'cause I feel strongly for him.
32. Alicia (2/4): Kentucky Joe, although he's not a strong member of this tribe as far as challenges are concerned, he knows what he's doing outside.
33. Rodger (2/3): I always heard that the best place to catch them is where a stream runs into a river. I was out here looking for, uh, sinkers to make a new fishing pole with, and I found a little rock out here about that tall shaped like a heart.
34. Elisabeth (3/4): He said, "Here you go. What's that look like?” And I said, "A heart." He said, "You take that with you, give it to your boyfriend when you get back." And he said, "You just know I care." And it just... it just touched me.
35. Rodger (3/3): Me and her, it just seemed like we hit it off right off the bat here.
36. Alicia (3/4): Elisabeth said she won't vote off Kentucky Joe, and-and she protects him.
37. Elisabeth (4/4): It matters so much to me that he's around, so I'm not writing his name down. Uh-uh. I will not spell that man's name.
38. Tina (4/6): Maralyn, she's kind of like our little song bird and our little cheerleader in our camp, so Maralyn and I have bonded more so than I have with any of the other people. It might be our ages, it might be that we just kind of took up for one another.
39. Maralyn (2/3): Tina is a fabulous woman. She is a star. I trust Tina the most. Um, I do not trust Jerri.
40. Amber (3/3): There could be something going on between Jerri and Colby. I mean, from the very first day, she told me how cute she thought he was. And at first she didn't think that he liked her. And I was, like, "Jerri, it's only the second day."
41. Jerri (4/8): I'd really like it if Colby and I got together. He's exactly my type, plus, he's a cowboy and I'm such a sucker for cowboys.
42. Colby (5/9): Oh, Jerri... Jerri and I are getting along great. We've... every day we have more fun flirting with each other and seeing how far we can kind of push it.
43. Keith (4/10): Oh, I think Jerri is, uh, legitimately attracted to Colby, but I'm sure that strategic play comes in... is involved, there's no question.
44. Keith (5/10): I think Jerri's approach is just a lot of... she wants to really feel important. She's already got Colby on her side, but she gets, you know, on his side rubbing his back and, you know, nuzzling at night, you know, that whole thing, sharing the blanket, all that kind of stuff. So it's natural for Colby just to gravitate and a little smoke screen goes up and so he doesn't necessarily see certain things. Or maybe he does and I'm just not aware of it.
45. Colby (6/9): At this point, I'm not sure if Jerri has ulterior motives. Jerri is-is very capable of deceiving me or anyone else in the tribe. And maybe she's not, maybe I'm wrong. But, uh, I still can't let my guard down.
46. Jerri (5/8): If it came down to me having to vote for Colby... I would.
47. Jeff (4/8): Alicia and I, we went for that foraging walk together intentionally. I've thought a lot about the voting, and I wanted to be able to get away with her and just have her think about the future and who would be the most valuable to have with us in a final four, that we could beat.
48. Alicia (4/4): Jeff and I are constantly scheming and planning about how this thing should go.
49. Jeff (5/8): We talked about, you know, who we're going to vote for now, who we're going to vote for next time, who we trust, who we don't trust.
50. Jeff (6/8): Nick is very lazy. He won't pick up anything, he won't lift anything. If you ask him to help you, he'll act like you... he doesn't hear you.
51. Jeff (7/8): He's done our kitchen, which is lovely. And he's built a lovely little outdoor chair and he's built a lovely little patio, but only because he doesn't want to do anything else.
52. Nick (1/1): Mentally, you need to feel like you're comfortable where you are. And that's why I built the kitchen. I mean, the kitchen serves, you know, little purpose, but it looks good, it makes you feel comfortable. It's noticeable that you're doing work, which makes you... makes people happy.
53. Kimmi (3/3): I just don't see the necessity in making benches when we need firewood. I think that that's not a priority, I think that's a luxury.
54. Jeff (8/8): Unfortunately, we need him, so, you know, what can we do? He's one of our stronger people, but... when we get to a point where somebody in our group has to go, he's going to be the first.
55. Mitchell (4/8): When it rains, it's a scary moment. If the fire goes out, everything around us is wet, and we only have a couple matches.
56. Jerri (6/8): It was at the point where it was almost out, and there was hardly any light coming off of it. And no heat at all.
57. Keith (6/10): It was really raining hard. We were not going to let the rain win over our fire. It just wasn't going to happen.
58. Tina (5/6): Tired. That was a rough one. Cold... rainy... pretty miserable.
59. Mitchell (5/8): My side of the tent was all wet, so I had to sleep in wet clothes with a wet blanket and sand, and I can't recall sleeping even a full hour.
60. Maralyn (3/3): Last night was a hard night. It poured. I mean not just a little drizzle, it just poured.
61. Keith (7/10): People fight sometimes, they put the fire out. We were up all night trying to keep that fire going. I think the hardest thing for me so far has just been trying to, uh, catch up enough sleep so the body's ready to go into combat in our challenges.
62. Jerri (7/8): Everybody's kind of getting a little lethargic. The fish definitely helped, that was a big morale booster. But I sense we're kind of on a downslide right now and it kind of scares me a little bit.
63. Mitchell (6/8): When you think about how low you are on nutrition and how hungry you are, being tired just... just quadruples it. Getting mail is always an exciting thing, but I was so weak walking up that hill to get the mail, it was treacherous for me. And I knew, I knew that inside there would be a challenge that I may not be able to do, and that was a depressing thought for me.
64. Colby (7/9): I'm dragging. This is the most tired I've been. Personally, I'm a little worried about myself. I know I'm not going to be as strong going into this one as I have been in the past.
65. Keith (8/10): Our last Immunity Challenge was a real tough one. Mad Dog Maralyn, you know, she had a difficult time.
66. Mitchell (7/8): Had we voted for Maralyn last week, and not Kel, I can almost guarantee you we'd have imm-immunity right now.
67. Tina (6/6): The mood in the camp is a sad mood, but it's also a very strategic mood. Everybody's thinking, "Who's thinking what?"
68. Jerri (8/8): There's been five of us, uh, myself, Colby, Mitchell, Amber and Tina, who've kind of decided to all vote the same.
69. Keith (9/10): My vote's not going towards Maralyn. We've had a lot of physical challenges up till now, but I'm sure some of them are going to be mental, and, uh, I think Maralyn could prove to be an asset.
70. Keith (10/10): Mitchell's the weakest of our strength of getting a lot of heavy work done. You know, when it comes to the challenges, you know, he's not... Maralyn, I think, is stronger than he is in the challenges. I could be cutting my own throat doing this, but at least with Colby, we can discuss it, probably disagree upon it and it'll stay with us.
71. Colby (8/9): Strategies are starting to develop more and go in different directions, and the more we learn about each other, the more you start to second-guess what you've done.
72. Mitchell (8/8): Keith is trying to pull around a swing vote to try to get me out. Why would we want to kick off our fun Maralyn and then keep the pessimist and the backstabber?
73. Colby (9/9): At this point, Keith and Mitchell and Maralyn are neck-and-neck for Tribal Council tonight.
1. Tina (1/6): I had slept outside last night, as did Keith. We were the first ones up, so we thought, "First ones up, let's just get up and go fishing this morning." So we cleared everything off the boat, got the fishing rods together. Jerri popped up out of the tent, ran, turned over the canoe and acted like she was going to get ready to go fishing.
2. Keith (1/4): Jerri and the others, they wanted to take the canoe out, you know. We said, "Well, we're just getting ourselves ready, we got all our gear, we're getting ready to go." "Oh, we were going to do that." Well, isn't that ironic, you know, just 'cause we were going to go?
3. Tina (2/6): I just said, "Look, you know, we were gonna go fishing. You all were asleep. We're going to go fishing." And apparently, Keith wanted to have a talk with me, so he said, "Well, Tina, let's just go walk along the bank and fish that way."
4. Keith (2/4): So, at Tribal Council last night, Tina and I had an opportunity to get a little bit a better understanding of where we sit within our own tribe. When Jerri was asked the question who her friends are, she made a point of mentioning Amber, Colby, Mitchell and herself, that they all get along best, and then, of course, she wanted to make sure that everybody was clear that she was here to win the money, and she's going to do whatever she has to to win the money. So, Tina and I were a little miffed by that.
5. Tina (3/6): You have four or five young people playing that they've got so much chemistry that it is almost second nature just to-- woo-- just immediately gravitate towards one another. And it makes me feel kind of like an outsider, which I am an outsider at this point.
6. Jerri (1/6): At Tribal Council, Jeff asked me who I felt I had built friendships with. And immediately after I said it, I kind of sucked it back up, 'cause I realized that I was basically challenging people to vote for me. Which doesn't put me in a very good position.
7. Keith (3/4): Jerri is perfect for this game. She will ride the team until it's time to take the knife out and cut someone's throat. I didn't come out here to be pushed around by a bartender- wanna-be-actress. Maybe it's time just to shake her world up a little bit. I can tell you one thing-- Tina and I are not going to go down without a fight. I came here to win the money, but now my motive isn't to win the money, but to do everything I can to make sure she does not win the money.
8. Rodger (1/2): This morning, we received Tree Mail, and I went out there to it, and it was a bird's nest. And it involves a challenge of building a chicken coop.
9. Kimmi (1/1): I definitely have to appear that I'm into this challenge, because my head was on the chopping block-- I know, with a couple of people-- because of, um, you know, my-my almost not eating the worm and the cow brain thing. At least this chicken coop thing is a little bit of a change of pace. I know it might seem ironic, because I don't eat mammals. You know, I haven't had poultry in over ten years, and I haven't had red meat in over 15 years, but if it boosts up morale for these guys, it's going to be good.
10. Jeff (1/1): I want those chickens so bad. For one reason, so Mike will quit fishing and walking around here flexing his muscle. I really want chicken. And I'm not above snatching it out of the other team's arms. I want a chicken.
11. Michael (1/4): I felt when we won the chickens, "Oh, no. I'm unnecessary for food now." They could eat a chicken every other day and be totally fine until the merger. And I thought to myself, "Consume those chickens as quickly as possible so we're back to being hungry again."
12. Nick (1/1): We woke up in the morning, Rodger and I relocated the chicken coop, got them comfortable. And then all of a sudden I see Mike preparing to kill the rooster. Everybody else is sleeping, and I said, "Let's wake up, figure out what our day schedule is a little bit more be-before we kill it,” because if we had killed that rooster, a lot of people would have been upset. We have to make decisions as a group for us to get along.
13. Tina (4/6): It seems to be getting closer and closer. You can see ash blowing in the wind. We have no idea how close it is to our camp, even though we know that it has to cross the water in order to get to us.
14. Amber (1/2): It's a concern, um, but... you know, I think we'll be safe, as long as we head for the water and everybody does the right thing.
15. Tina (5/6): I mentioned my frustration with Jerri because it's building. I don't know if it's just me. Do other people feel the same way I feel?
16. Tina (6/6): There was a little bit of it just wanting to see how strong does Mitch and Colby align with Jerri. And my thought was, if I could get Colby, that would be two of us. And then maybe Colby could talk to Amber, and that would be the only chance that I would have to make it. At this point, I don't have anything to lose.
17. Colby (1/5): The powers that be have predetermined long ago the pecking order here, and-and... also the elimination order, and, uh, Keith is up. Keith and I spend a lot of time together. Part of my reason for doing it: one) we get along; two) we need Keith right now. So the last thing I'm gonna do is alienate him.
18. Rodger (2/2): I would love to have fried chicken tonight. It'd be the first meal where we didn't have to pass a piece of fish around six or seven times and everybody take a bite of it. Everybody'd have their own piece of chicken.
19. Michael (2/4): Everybody was loving the chickens. This could be the end of the game for me, because they no longer need me for a food source. It ups the stakes definitely for me to catch the food. But to stay in the limelight is gonna be harder and harder, because what... you got to keep one-upping yourself. I caught one fish, and then I caught a bigger one, then I caught three fish, then I caught five fish. What am I gonna do now, wrestle an alligator? (chuckles)
20. Mitchell (1/3): I'm just weak. I'm hungry, I'm tired. Physically, emotionally, I'm gone. I feel that I think the most about strategies. 'Cause first of all, I don't have much else to think about. And second of all, I want to go far with this.
21. Mitchell (2/3): Colby had been talking a lot to Keith. We know Keith is trying to rear something up from behind to try to take one of us out.
22. Jerri (2/6): This is definitely the first time I've felt a little bit threatened. And I guess I deserve it after making that pompous remark... (laughing) at Tribal Council. Colby does seem to be the one we're focused on in trying to ensure he's not... changing his mind.
23. Jerri (3/6): Colby was pretty excited about going out hunting for a pig, and... I think it's a brilliant idea, especially with the fires right now, 'cause a lot of wildlife has been flushed this way.
24. Colby (2/5): We'd love to have a hog around here. They're here, we just got to find them, and I'm not having a whole lot of luck. But I'm bound and determined to put pork on the plate before I leave this place.
25. Jerri (4/6): I think Colby is definitely separating the game from any relationship with me. I think it takes a strong person to do that, quite honestly, especially… (laughs) when there's obviously, you know, some attraction between us.
26. Colby (3/5): Jerri's scared. She's worried that Keith and Tina and I are gonna join together and mastermind a backdoor move to, uh, to get rid of her.
27. Jerri (5/6): I'm a little leery of Colby, and I can tell, actually, that he's sort of distancing himself from me a lot more.
28. Colby (4/5): Jerri probably wears a name tag that says "Puppet Master" on it. She loves having Amber in her hip pocket, and Mitchell in the same place. I mean, I simply agreed to go along with them just because I thought it could get-get me down the road a little better. I want to win, and I don't want to talk to anybody else about loyalties. Don't give me that crap. I haven't trusted anyone since Day 1, and anyone playing smart should have been the same way.
29. Michael (3/4): Life is just a funny little blending of experiences, and this is just another one. (sharpening knife) How it will affect me in the mind of the tribe, I don't know. It could go either way at this point. But if I go out, I'm going out full. (chuckles) And I'm so happy about that.
30. Alicia (1/1): The fact that Mike had the guts to go after that pig says a lot about Mike's character. I can appreciate the fact that Mike did that, you know? And-and Mike did that for the tribe. Mike killed this pig for us so we can all eat.
31. Michael (4/4): I feel better about my position now that I've made this kill. I think my position in the tribe has come up a few levels, and... it's a good feeling.
32. Jerri (6/6): First merge with equal amounts of people on both tribes. We can't lose another Immunity Challenge, so the pressure now is even more immense than it was before. The next two immunities are crucial for us and our survival at the merge.
33. Amber (2/2): We're feeling kind of blah right now, and I'm not too excited to make that hike again tonight.
34. Mitchell (3/3): I'll have plenty to say to the camera when I hold up Keith's name. He seems to be an instigator of some problems. So, when he goes, it'll be a sigh of relief for me.
35. Keith (4/4): Jerri likes to think that she is the leader in some way because Amber and Mitchell, she kind of leads them around a little bit. My goal tonight is to try to step in and break all that up. I'll offer my opinion to the team and see what everyone chooses.
36. Colby (5/5): This, by far, is going to be the toughest Council for me because I don't agree with the order in which the union is voting. Because the person to go tonight is-is a huge asset and-and could really, really be an asset down the road.
1. Colby (1/3): We really started noticing the smoke and hearing the trees explode and crash. Uh, yesterday, I guess, is when it got the closest to us, and now we're just completely pretty much overtaken by smoke.
2. Tina (1/2): It's just extremely hazy and smoky, and... it's an interesting morning.
3. Amber (1/3): Well, we've had an interesting past couple of days, as far as, uh... Let's see, our last Tribal Council we lost Mitchell, which was a surprise.
4. Jerri (1/5): It was a pretty... pretty traumatic evening. I think our... our little group of common voters has been busted up. It's a whole new ball game right now.
5. Amber (2/3): It seems like... since Tina was able to get Colby to sway his vote last time to vote for Mitchell, seems like maybe he, uh, might sway again to their side, but we're almost kind of fighting over him.
6. Kimmi (1/3): Last night was a very uncomfortable sleeping night. It was drafty, it was cold. Nobody slept last night. Like, it was just like one of those nights where anything and everything that could wake you up did.
7. Jeff (1/4): The fire had been popping coals out of the fire onto us. So, we had to move our our fire this morning. It just was getting a little too dangerous.
8. Rodger (1/3): Mike got the pig, and, uh, we ate real good, but we wasn't able to save all the meat, so I guess we're going to eat chicken, so we want to have the ax... (scraping continues) as sharp as possible while we're... while we're doing the chicken in.
9. Michael (1/6): I just tell Kimmi, "For your own self-preservation, let go of the chicken thing. Stop talking about them, stop getting involved..."
10. Michael (2/6): Stop making a big spectacle when you leave. "Oh, you're butchering the chickens, I'm out of here!" Da-da-da-da-da! You know, I mean, it's just... It's too theatrical. It's just too much.
11. Amber (3/3): The food situation could definitely be better. It could always get better. We're not eating that much at all. We're definitely not eating as much as the other tribe is.
12. Jerri (2/5): We haven't caught any fish for, I think, two days now. The whole hunger thing, that for me has been a huge hurdle.
13. Keith (1/4): Jerri went to go fishing, and she needed the can, and of course, she hollered out to me, like her older sibling. I said we'll take them to the end and dump them in the water like we've been doing it, and so, she brought them down to the water's edge, down at the end of camp to dump them out and then she yelled back that it's not a smart idea to dump them in there, because...
14. Keith (2/4): I'm thinking on these couple hundred acres of water, I'm not sure that a few fish eating some dead fish is going to matter a whole lot, but whatever.
15. Jerri (3/5): It's just ridiculous to me to continue to dump the guts at the end of our beach. We're literally feeding the fish. It's no wonder we haven't been able to catch anything-- they're all full.
16. Keith (3/4): It's not that big of a deal, but apparently... it was. I don't stand up to her that often, 'cause I don't find it necessary, 'cause it's more exhausting to argue with her than anything. The fish... are now... buried. Dead fish.
17. Jerri (4/5): We haven't been catching fish again, and the other team is eating chickens and pigs and eggs, you know, and here we are over here, starving to death. Those are the things that I didn't really think going into this that were going to bother me, but it has.
18. Alicia (1/3): I don't really appreciate her to begin with, so for me to try to walk away from a situation I know is potentially gonna turn ugly, and her not to let me do that, made me want to just run up and grab her by the throat. But I... I had to keep my wits about me, because that's not what this is about.
19. Kimmi (2/3): Alicia has always had a problem with me. She said, "Kimmi, don't get too attached to the chickens." I'm, like, "I'm not getting attached to the chickens." Like, don't worry! I'm a big girl. I said, "You know, while we have the chickens here, we shouldn't just eat four chickens and a pig back-to-back days.” She's very critical of other people, she's very condescending of other people, and I will not be treated, um, you-you know, like a jerk-off.
20. Jeff (2/4): I knew that that that Alicia/Kimmi explosion was coming. I knew it was coming. Kimmi was befriending the chickens and giving them names and petting them, and, um, Alicia just had no patience. Alicia doesn't have a lot of patience for anybody, really.
21. Elisabeth (1/3): Alicia is in charge of telling people to do things. Alicia's also in charge of talking trash about people.
22. Nick (1/1): We moved the fire pit away from our camp, uh, for some safety reasons. And we had it nice and close-- about five feet from where we all sleep-- so it was really warm at night. But we moved it away, and last night was really, really cold. You know, what can we do? We don't have any blankets, so we just bundle up.
23. Kimmi (3/3): The water here grosses me out more than anything. This Crocodile Creek is... food and bathroom to fish and crocodiles and birds and bats and, you know, all kinds of algae and bacteria, and it's just... I don't know, I just find it to be incredibly gross.
24. Michael (3/6): Kimmi, I don't know if she's been in the water once, and, uh, the dirt's starting to stick to her. You know, if one of the girls puts on a different top, you'll see a tan line. When Kimmi puts on a different top, you'll see a dirt line.
25. Michael (4/6): And then she got real defensive about it. I said "I'm..." I said, "If I had a booger hanging out of my nose, and you told me about it, I would say thank you. I wouldn't get all mad at you."
26. Elisabeth (2/3): The two items that we chose... we definitely need blankets. Last night was really cold. I had a miserable night's sleep. I don't know if anyone really slept through, especially without our fire out here, it's so cold. We are going to choose for the second item spices, and we get toothpaste and shampoo when we win this today.
27. Elisabeth (2/3): I think over at, uh, Ogakor, they're probably trying to pull it together really well. We have to go out there as if we're facing a tribe just as strong as we are.
28. Jerri (5/5): I kind of took over when making the travois. I knew that the idea I had would work, and everybody was just kind of standing around and talking, and no one was doing anything, so I just kind of grabbed the bull by the horns.
29. Keith (4/4): I have probably a little more patience than Colby does. But I can usually tell when he's getting a little tense and a little agitated. He'll... He'll walk away from it and just take a breath.
30. Colby (2/3): The toughest part for this tribe is coming into these challenges with our guns blazing, ready to rock. We gotta win this thing, and we still got a shot at doing it.
31. Colby (3/3): I am getting very frustrated with losing. If we don't turn up the heat and turn this runaway train around, then it may be a meltdown for the Colbster.
32. Tina (2/2): It's not the things you lose, it's just losing. You know, it takes such a psychological hit on your already psychologically tired body, that, for our team, it's definitely the loss that hits us hard.
33. Alicia (2/3): Winning the Reward Challenges is, basically, just one more nail in the coffin. Not as important as immunity, but another thing that's gonna sink them just a little bit lower.
34. Jeff (3/4): Some of the people in the tribe are talking about how guilty they feel and how bad they feel for the other tribe-- and screw it! I mean, chop their heads off, chop their legs off. This is a game and I'm ready to beat every one of them.
35. Michael (5/6): Everybody else smells out here, but everybody else bathes. Thank God we won that challenge, so that we can bathe Kimmi.	
36. Michael (6/6): Group bath. We won the Reward Challenge yesterday and we used the shampoo-- we each got a handful, and we just all soaped up, 'cause the camp was getting a little stinky. Some more than others, because some people bathe more than others around here, but it was fun.
37. Jeff (4/4): We are not a happy tribe. We are not the family we-we appear to be. There is some animosity.
38. Alicia (3/3): Tribal Council is a drag, no matter which way you look at it. It's clear-cut who should go, but they stay a little longer and then somebody steps up and looks like they should go. So, for me, Kimmi is a physical weakness, and she just makes the most sense right now because I have personal problems with her. We just clash.
39. Rodger (2/3): It could be very interesting, Tribal Council. Right now, I assume that they think that I'm voting, uh... against, uh, Kimmi. More than likely, that probably will not be the case. The only person that I keep my word with out here is Elisabeth, and she... and I think she's the same way towards me.
40. Rodger (3/3): In the boat today, was... we were talking about, uh, voting against Alicia. And we would... we would miss her, she does a good job cooking, uh... you know, she's-she's athletic... and, uh... but there might be a little bit more harmony around, too.
1. Rodger (1/2): The rain, yes. We got to Tribal Council last night, hadn't been there probably five minutes, I guess, and then all of a sudden, here come the awfulest downpour, the heaviest rain we've had since we, since we've been here. I mean, it really came down, put our fire out. So then we had to use, uh, one of our matches to light a candle in our, in our hut. Got the candles going and, uh, searched through and found the very warmest, well, not the warmest, but really the driest clothes that we had. A lot of us had wore our clothes to Tribal Council that we'd been used to sleeping in. I know I did, for one. That was a mistake.
2. Elisabeth (1/2): When it rains here, it means you're cold at night, You don't sleep. Rain is... I mean, it puts you in such an extreme disadvantage. It's... it takes you a day to recover from rain. I mean, there's a risk of getting sick, you're sleeping in the cold, wet. There's... there's nothing worse than the rain here. Nothing worse, 'cause being cold is guaranteed at night, but cold and wet? Stick a fork in me. It stinks.
3. Michael (1/1): It's amazing how you can live off the land. Eight city people can come out here and live off the land. It's amazing. Not only food-wise, but shelter-wise and safety wise, and, um, heat-wise, and starting a fire this morning with wet wood. It's just amazing to me. It's a whole... My outlook on life has changed 180 degrees, and I'm this kind of guy. I'm this kind... you know, this is... should be nothing for me, but, uh, I am a changed man already, after 16 Days. Very changed. And if I last another 16 Days, who knows what's going to happen to me?
4. Alicia (1/4): Today is Day 16. We are... thinking ahead now to, uh, the merger. We have four more days until that happens.
5. Jeff (1/4): We started with sixteen people. Six people are voted out of the Outback. Then when it gets to ten people, everybody comes together into one tribe and the game, all of a sudden, becomes every man for himself.
6. Nick (1/2): There's one more Immunity Challenge left. We have six and they have five, and, uh... that's a huge advantage because the pressure is on them to win the next challenge. And, uh, we're really hoping to go into the merger six to four, and that way we could just basically pick them off one by one.
7. Jeff (2/4): We are a very cocky group. It's fun to beat them and make fun of it. It's fun to, to have them talk about how hungry they are, and us go in there and win all their food. That's fun.
8. Jerri (1/6): I had a discussion with Colby regarding chocolate and how chocolate releases the same endorphins that sex does, and since none of us are having sex, that that's probably why we keep reverting to the chocolate discussions.
9. Jerri (2/6): Right now, I can actually, in my wildest fantasy, picture pouring hot chocolate all over... some hot dude's bod and having sex while licking it off at the same time. (laughs) That's, like, my ultimate fantasy right now.
10. Colby (1/7): When you're asleep at night in the tent, and you hear moaning and groaning about Hershey Kisses, you know what's really going on mentally. It ain't about the chocolate! She's using her thoughts of chocolate to substitute for her thoughts of sex. It's just making for a very uncomfortable camping trip.
11. Jerri (3/6): I think Colby's afraid of me. Because this fantasy I have about chocolate and sex definitely involves him.
12. Colby (2/7): I may be a lot of things, but I ain't no Hershey bar. (laughs)
13. Colby (3/7): This is ridiculous, man. They're driving me nuts. Bring on Kucha. Get rid of these goons, and let's get something going. This is crazy.
14. Alicia (2/4): Chicken feed. We bring back the chickens, the rooster, the chicken feed, and, of course, in true Kucha style, we're trying to figure out how we can utilize every single little thing we brought back. Elisabeth and I said, "Can we eat that?" Because it just looks like nuts and grains and corn and wheat, and, you know, it just looks so good to us for some reason. And he's talking to us like, "Yeah, it's good for you."
15. Jeff (3/4): I don't know about this chicken pop feed, whatever. I just... I don't know. It's good, and I hated it, the whole thought of eating chicken feed just made me sick. But the more I eat it, the better it gets.
16. Alicia (3/4): That just, we-- forget it. We are now addicted. It's so good. And we now have, like, chicken popcorn. We wake up in the morning, we make it. After we eat breakfast, in the afternoon, we make it. At night, we make it. And we're going to find out, like, somewhere down the road that, like, something was in it, and we're going to have, like, eight nipples and laying eggs, and I don't know, but until that happens, I'm going to keep eating it because it's so good. It's so good.
17. Keith (1/2): Jerri and Amber went to pick some tomatoes. Jerri has, um, decided she wants to do fried green tomatoes, but they're cherry tomatoes.
18. Keith (2/2): You don't do fried green tomatoes with cherry tomatoes. My thought was maybe leave them on the vine just another couple days, they'll be nice and bright red and real juicy and good to eat. But, uh, doesn't look like that's going to happen.
19. Colby (4/7): Keith and Jerri, are just... Like two alley cats scratching at each other. They're fighting over fried green tomatoes, of all things. And it's ridiculous that the rest of us have to sit through all this.
20. Colby (5/7): Keith is a chef, man. You don't have to insult the guy by telling him he doesn't know what he's talking about. I think it-it's disrespectful and rude, and-and that's what Jerri loves to do because she knows it's going to ruffle his feathers.
21. Tina (1/2): I'm not their mother. It's not my position to get in the middle and send them both to time out, but to be honest, I think one of the problems needs to go. We can't afford for people not to get along. Jerri makes me feel uncomfortable. You know, you're always walking on eggshells around her, and it's just no fun living in that type of situation.
22. Nick (2/2): We just got our Tree Mail for tonight's Reward Challenge. It sounds like we're going to be doing something at night, almost definitely. Um, and it says, "to lead the whole tribe there can only be one." Um, so it sounds like one person will be leading the tribe through the dark.
23. Alicia (4/4): We don't want the opposition to win the picnic because we have a big Immunity Challenge tomorrow and, uh, if they win, it could... it could give them that little boost, uh, and we don't want them to have that.
24. Jerri (4/6): If Kucha wins this reward, it would suck! (laughs) They don't deserve it. They've been eating like kings over there, and I think it would be really nice of them if they threw this one for us.
25. Tina (2/2): Everybody here knows the importance of winning today. Everybody. It is a have-to-win day. That's pressure.
26. Amber (1/1): If we lose the challenge today, that means we will be down four to six. The other tribe will probably just pick us off one by one.
27. Colby (6/7): If we don't pull this thing off today, I don't think it's over at all. That seems to be the attitude of everyone-- just lay down and die if we don't pull this thing off. I'm certainly not going to just sit around and wait to be picked off by Kucha, once we merge. That's not happening with this kid.
28. Jerri (5/6): There's a weird tension in the camp right now. Colby wants to just think about nothing but the game, and then Amber and Tina are braiding each other's hair and talking about college days. Everybody was kind of chitchatting and being very lighthearted, and I needed to get more centered and focused. So I knew that I needed to get away from camp. 	
29. Colby (7/7): Everyone was kind of going in their different directions, and I decided just to come upstream, and think about the game. You have to be a lot more selfish when you merge, because at that point it is all about getting yourself as far as you can go. You can't help but think about what's around the corner.
30. Jerri (6/6): Everyone else in the camp is looking at it as if, if we lose today, that's it, we're all going to be sitting ducks, we're going to get picked off one by one. I see it almost as an opportunity to, uh, finagle my way into the other tribe a bit and mix things up, and freak some people out. If they're going to pick us off one by one, I'm at least going to cause a big ruckus going down. I'm going to wreak a little havoc.
31. Elisabeth (2/2): It was... it was so strange to sit there, and we're all smiling at him, and he's cracking jokes. And it was so hard, 'cause the minute, you know, the minute he was out of sight, it was like decompress and just, like, "Oh, gosh, did that just happen?" (voice breaking) And it just really hit hard. Because it makes you... makes you realize that... you're out here for a period of time with a group of people, and you're doing everything together and, you know... you win games, you lose games, you know, you're sleeping in the same quarters, and one of your teammates goes down. And for him to ask to see each of us... I mean, I know at one point he... he was, like, "Well, wait, I can't see Elisabeth." And I'm... I was, like, behind someone. I'm like, "I'm right here, Mike." You know, "Here I am." And his eyes were just locked on ours, locked.
32. Rodger (2/2): We're going to either go win this thing or lose this thing as a team, I think. I don't think there's-- unless somebody jumps... jumps boat on us in-in mid... in the middle.... in the middle of the stream, which is possible-- uh, we're either going... we're going to stick together as a team. And, uh, possibly Mike's accident, uh, might have brought some of them to the realization that, you know, maybe there's other things more important than even the million dollars, you know.
33. Jeff (4/4): This merge is going to be intense. Ogakor will be relieved. I think that they'll... I mean, I think they're good people, and I think that-that they're going to feel bad, and sincerely have compassion for us and for Mike. Um, but they weren't part of that. They didn't experience it. They didn't... hear it. And so that feeling of, "Oh, my goodness!" that it's going to have to be very quickly replaced with relief. That we're merging together, 'cause we had them, we had 'em. They were... they had to have been scared. They had to have been afraid. There was no way we were losing this challenge today; no way. And, um... we're going to... we're going to kill 'em. We're going to eat 'em up and spit 'em out, and that's the way Mike would want it to be. It was the last thing he said to us before he left, and it's exactly what we're going to do.
1. Jeff (1/9): For the last three weeks, we've been competing with another tribe. At this point, we get down to ten total people, and we come together and merge into one tribe. We've talked about strategy and how we were going to merge with this other team ever since Mike got hurt, because the last thing that he said to us, as he left, was that somebody from Kucha needs to take this money. And regardless of what happens, we need to eat 'em up and spit 'em out.
2. Jeff (2/9): We were just trying to figure out who probably is Ogakor's weak link, and maybe we can convince them to come over and vote on our side.
3. Jeff (3/9): We're anticipating a five to five tie in the first vote. And in the rules, when there's a deadlock tie, the person with the most votes accumulated to that point is the one to leave.
4. Colby (1/7): Yesterday, everything was canceled because of the accident with Kucha. You know, you're just left with days that seem like there's at least 19 to 20 hours of daylight.
5. Colby (2/7): We don't know anything. We don't know when we're merging, we don't know the condition of, uh, Kucha's member who's been in an accident. Uh, we don't know very much at all.
6. Keith (1/6): The merge is when the two teams come together to make one team, and the game becomes one against one, instead of team against team.
7. Tina (1/7): You go to one camp or the other, and I'm not sure how that decision is going to be made at this point. It's important for us to get information right now about who's had votes cast against them, because it's probably going to come down to a tie-breaker vote.
8. Jerri (1/7): The only thing to break the tie is past votes for the person who is voted for. If they were to vote for myself or Keith... we'd be out.
9. Jeff (4/9): We knew that the merger was going to start today. We just weren't sure exactly how. So, we got this note, and our girls are going to them, and their chicks are coming to us, and we're entertaining them and swooning them and somehow convincing them that this is the place to live-- Kucha Beach.
10. Nick (1/3): I think we have a really nice camp, and nobody really wants to move to a new place and, you know, where everything's real strange. And it would, you know, kind of be our home field, our home-turf advantage.
11. Elisabeth (1/3): As much as it stinks that Alicia and I aren't going to get to join in our last chicken, we know that it's for the betterment of the whole group to leave and go eat plain rice with Keith and Colby.
12. Alicia (1/4): Elisabeth and I felt really strange walking away from camp, just us two. It was really kind of cool, an adventure that's going to change this game. It's a big open book, and-and we got to write the rest of the pages that go in it.
13. Colby (3/7): I'm very curious as to how they've been living the last 19 days. With their shelter, with their eating, you know, there's a lot of things I want to know to see if that's where we want to be.
14. Elisabeth (2/3): It was good to hear that they were worried and hoping everything, and praying everything was okay with Mike.
15. Tina (2/7): Glad to know it's not one of those things that's life-threatening. I felt a lot of relief.
16. Jerri (2/7): When we first found out yesterday that we were merging with all five of us, after the accident over at Kucha... we didn't really know whether to celebrate or feel bad.
17. Tina (3/7): The importance at this point in at five and five, had a huge impact on the Ogakor tribes. If we had gone in at six and four, we would have been picked off one by one, no doubt about it. We're starting off the second half of the game on equal ground. It's a tie ballgame, we're going into overtime.
18. Colby (4/7): When Keith and I showed up, they couldn't have been more disappointed. They were ready to wine and dine the women of Ogakor, and Keith and I come strolling in.
19. Keith (2/6): Colby and I were actually kinda hoping it was going to be kinda the girls cooking for the guys, but we had a good time, great camaraderie, you know, it was kind of like soldiers in the field that are putting their weapons down for a little while.
20. Jeff (5/9): All I saw from Colby were teeth-- big smile, "How's it going?" Whatever. He just seemed very cheery and very happy, and Keith seemed like a little puppy tailing behind him.
21. Keith (3/6): They saved a chicken for us. So they killed their last chicken and cooked it, which just, which was just a real gentleman thing to do for us.
22. Jeff (6/9): You know, there's a Survivor twist to everything, and they got us again. I was expecting women, you know. We were going to lather them up and go pick them flowers, and now we're going to have to shift gears. They're nice, you know? They're nice guys. I knew they would be, but I get the feeling that Keith is, is an outsider. So far, they're exactly what I expected. They seem to have a good relationship together, which I didn't expect. I figured that, um, Keith would sort of be off on his own, and he could be, you know? They may be working us here, but... It was good chicken, and it was good to be able to provide them with chicken, 'cause they obviously had not been eating.
23. Keith (4/6): That was a huge thing for us. We really enjoyed that a lot. You know, I think as the days go on, this game is going to be difficult. It is for me personally exciting. I get caught up in the friendship thing quite easily.
24. Rodger (1/4): I know everybody is nicey-nicey now, but I imagine that'll change. I think it'll be even more interesting once all ten of us, with the women and everybody, is in the big hut. There'll be some times, I'm sure, when things won't be so nice around here.
25. Jerri (3/7): I don't want to talk about Keith in front of our guests. If I voice my opinions about how I really feel about him, they're going to figure out that votes have been placed against him.
26. Tina (4/7): I don't think it was a deliberate thing where he said, "I'm going to take my matches with me so the girls won't have it." He would not do that under any circumstances. It's in Jerri's best interest not to show a real hateful side.
27. Jerri (4/7): We decided that-that I was going to make my famous tortilla, and we opened a can of whole, peeled tomatoes.
28. Amber (1/1): This is definitely difficult for us. I mean, we wish we had so much more to offer them. It's upsetting that we can't give them as much as they can give us.
29. Alicia (2/4): When you don't have a lot of food and you open up a can, that's like... that's big-time. So, we were really honored that they did that. I feel like I can't wait to get them back to our camp to give them something to eat, you know, and I never thought that I would feel that way. I really thought I would be thinking, "I'm not sharing anything with them."
30. Alicia (3/4): Out of 20 hours of being here, we've talked about food 19 of those 20. (laughs)
31. Elisabeth (3/3): We're torturing ourselves. We are absolutely torturing ourselves.
32. Jerri (5/7): We were ready to pack up and move to Camp Kucha. When we looked at the map, it was a completely different spot. A spot that was untouched, where we would have to build everything again from scratch.
33. Rodger (2/4): We were a little... a little angry about it.
34. Keith (5/6): I was really frustrated with it. I just didn't want to leave there. Just, you know, we were there, we were comfortable. It was a real pain.
35. Nick (2/3): We opened the box, and people just start diving their hands in, which pissed me off, because I'm thinking let's at least make sure we're getting equal amounts, but Jerri and Amber and Elisabeth and Alicia just start yapping and screaming, and I was like, oh, I had to back up.
36. Jerri (6/7): I swear, I haven't been that excited since I was little, and so just completely overwhelmed with the fact that you've been starving and the fact that you're in the middle of nowhere, and there's this spread in front of you.
37. Tina (5/7): It's nice, starting all over, starting on equal ground. And it was important to listen more than you talk, find out what you're up against.
38. Alicia (4/4): You know, it was really kind of interesting, because in the middle of all this celebrating, this game is still being played, every minute of every day.
39. Jeff (7/9): They seemed to be very nice, and I thought that it was all legitimate, and then I saw Colby and Jerri sort of sneak off and whispering, and then I saw Colby walk over to Keith, and then they start whispering, and they're, like, pointing at us and counting fingers, like, "She's going to go first," and "He's going to go second," and it started. We weren't together 15 minutes, and it started.
40. Colby (5/7): Sometimes you run into a situation where there's too many chiefs and not enough Indians, so I'm just going to stand back. I don't want to ruffle any feathers at this point.
41. Rodger (3/4): My idea was to originally build the, uh, hut up in the trees where you got some good anchors, and then the girls said they would like to stay down on the sand 'cause it sleeps better.
42. Jerri (7/7): We're called the Barramundi tribe. It's a great name for our new tribe, 'cause this is when things get slippery and sneaky, and it's hard to catch people.
43. Keith (6/6): You know, the honeymoon stage is going to end quickly. We're going to have to go into an Immunity Challenge, and it's going to be obvious that we're kind of two teams living as one tribe.
44. Nick (3/3): I've been sick the last couple days, and I got up there, felt a little dizzy, knew I wasn't going to win and jumped off, and got a good hour of rest. So that made much more sense to me than standing up on that block and getting tired.
45. Colby (6/7): My strategy was to make the Kucha guys mad, to convince them that I'm the man to vote for. If I can draw some attention away from Keith and Jerri, who both have several votes for them, we really need one of those guys to win immunity and the other one to be camouflaged. Because if the Kucha members vote for either Jerri or Keith, we're going down.
46. Jeff (8/9): Maybe they feel vulnerable. Maybe those are the four people that feel the most vulnerable. I felt vulnerable, but, you know, I couldn't do it. I knew I couldn't do it.
47. Rodger (4/4): Tina out there, she has not had anything to eat all day long. She-she didn't eat any breakfast this morning. The rest of us all had about a little bit over a half a cup of rice. And I know they're getting cold, too.
48. Colby (7/7): These four are pretty damn determined. I've never seen anything like it. I had no idea it would last this long. There's no telling how long those four are gonna stay out there. Another fun day for Club Barramundi.
49. Jeff (9/9): I think they've been out there over ten hours now. I know that Alicia is concerned she's being voted for tonight, so I think she's going to stay. These people are crazy.
50. Tina (6/7): I looked over at Keith and Keith said, "Tina, I need this one." In his heart he must have really thought that he was going to get the votes cast against him.
51. Tina (7/7): It's the hardest thing I've ever done to come in. Much harder to come in than stay out there, because I've been out there ten hours. I knew for our team that we... I needed to make that decision. So I stepped down and let him have it.
1. Rodger (1/3): After the last Tribal Council, I just felt like we had been outwitted by Ogakor. Kucha's tribe could be picked off very easily. They're in a good position to do that. We could be an extinct tribe, no longer on the face of the Earth. To me, it's, uh, one-on-one, and every man for himself from here on out.
2. Rodger (2/3): I am in it to win just like anybody else. I'm going to give it my best shot. My game plan right now to try to assure my survival is trying to keep catching fish. If they're going to vote somebody off, it's going to probably not be the person that is supplying them with the food. And I think that is my greatest asset at this time.
3. Alicia (1/3): This game has definitely changed. There's no doubt about it. It's a whole new game. New people. New set of rules. Ogakor knows they're in a good position now to be the last five, but they also have to know that four members on this jury now are going to be Kucha members, and these people decide who's going to be the winner. They'd better start stepping up and being real nice to us.
4. Rodger (3/3): Everybody is-is real nice to everybody else, but then you can still see groups getting off and talking, and you know what they're talking about. You know, the million dollars for being the final Survivor is on everybody's mind.
5. Keith (1/3): Yeah, I think Ogakor was definitely a team that stayed out of vision, knowing that we needed to whittle down the Kucha people. Kucha knows what we're doing. They are really good, nice people, and which does make it harder as the days go on. And the closer you become to, uh, an individual, you start questioning, "Geez, you know, I like this person better than somebody I know on my own team."
6. Keith (2/3): It just seems natural that certain individuals gravitate to each other, and Tina and I have made the decision that we want to be with people we like right at the very end.
7. Tina (1/3): You go into a merger, thinking that you're very much allied with a team, but then, as time goes by, you might find out that there's people that are more deserving, you know? I want this to be on an individual basis, and I want the good guys to win.
8. Jerri (1/4): Today has been just so weird. I feel, like, a lot of distance between myself and everybody else right now. We do have the advantage now. We're five... Kucha's, to Kucha's four, but that's not relaxing me at all. It's the paranoia again setting in. We're in a situation where Tina and Keith could team up with the Kucha people. You cannot be complacent. Your back will be stabbed faster than you can spit.
9. Tina (2/3): Ever since the beginning, the cooking of the rice has been a problem. It was a problem at Ogakor, and the same problem came with us to Barramundi. Basically, what it is, is the rice has to be cooked to Jerri's specifications. It has to be stirred a certain number of times. The lid has to stay on. It has to be... perfect, you know, or... you-you catch it.
10. Elisabeth (1/11): Alicia and I were on the side of the fire, and Jerri and Amber were sitting on a log just watching every move we made. Every time I would, I would take a lid off, I could see them, you know, tensing up, like, you know, "Why is she taking the lid off? Why is she stirring now?"
11. Elisabeth (2/11): Alicia and I were getting more tense trying to make it. You know, we were testing the rice. We always test it to make sure it's done, and Jerri's over on her log. "It's mushy," she says.
12. Elisabeth (3/11): I felt as if I were under a magnifying glass, and I do not need to be meant to feel that way at all. Like, don't tell me what I'm supposed to be doing when I'm making you dinner. Don't.
13. Tina (3/3): Poor little Elisabeth was sitting there trying to cook the rice, and Jerri made some comments about it. It hurt Elisabeth's feelings, because here she is, trying to help the tribe, and then to not be appreciated for it, and to be judged-- that's very hurtful. And I think that right there probably was enough for Elisabeth to say, "You know what? You'll get my vote."
14. Elisabeth (4/11): Within Ogakor, I already am spotting some cracks. There is definite dissent between Tina and Jerri.
15. Elisabeth (5/11): If things are going to get really crazy, especially now, you know, seeing that there is a hole in Ogakor, it kind of opens the door to really take advantage of that. If they're not all together, their plan's kind of wrecked. It wasn't until today that I really started feeling like, okay, Elisabeth, do what you can do to take Kucha to a victory. If you want to keep playing this game... you better get a little more ruthless.
16. Elisabeth (6/11): You're not here to sit back and wait for someone to vote you off. I just really would love to just light a fire under everyone. No one else wants to keep playing, I'll do whatever it takes to stay out here longest and keep-keep Kucha going.
17. Elisabeth (7/11): I'm hoping Kucha will have some pull, 'cause people can't stand Jerri anyway in her own tribe. And I told them that maybe we could approach Keith and Tina and say, "Look, we'd like to get rid of Jerri. We're going to vote for Jerri too." Grab some of their people and have them come with us.
18. Alicia (2/3): Elisabeth, although she comes across as a, you know, a very meek and mild kind of person, she is a serious competitor. Believe me, Elisabeth is a force to be reckoned with.
19. Elisabeth (8/11): Tina and I have become close. I mean close, Outback close. Outback close is... close enough to get the dirt you want on someone else. Close enough to let you advance ahead of the person you're trying to get close to.
20. Elisabeth (9/11): Ogakor's target is Jerri. I mean, the talk I just had with Tina-- she can't take Jerri. Neither can Keith, and they are trying to get votes for her. And I don't know if I'm just a dumb optimist or just in denial, but I think Jerri is ready to go. I'll say it for her, “Jerri, you're ready to go.”
21. Elisabeth (10/11): It was kind of funny, because everyone else kind of felt like we won the reward. That was probably the one time I felt like Barramundi. We just kind of hung out. Everyone kind of vented about how they feel about Jerri, and it was an eye-opener to some people. I knew it.
22. Amber (1/1): It was very weird coming back to the tribe after we had eaten our meal. Like, nobody even turned around to look at us. It was very uncomfortable. I didn't like the feeling at all.
23. Colby (1/4): When Jerri and Amber came back, I made my way down to the beach just to get some... grab some time alone, and Jerri came up, sat down beside me and decided it was time for us to talk.
24. Jerri (2/4): Colby's kind of middle ground. Nobody really knows what he's... what he's going to do, and he's not really letting anyone on to what his plans are.
25. Colby (2/4): So, the inevitable came. I was painted into a corner and-and had to lie to her to convince her that there wasn't anything going on. And I just said, "Look, Jerri, Keith owes me one on this. He and Tina think that the three of us are going into the finals," which is the truth, but Jerri thinks it's just a ploy.
26. Colby (3/4): Jerri doesn't deserve to win this thing, if for no other reason, simply because of the way she's treated the people around her. And that was the biggest decision when I had to choose between carrying my plans out with either Amber and Jerri or Keith and Tina.
27. Colby (4/4): I didn't like the fact that I had to lie, but because I was lying to Jerri, I didn't lose sleep over it.
28. Jerri (3/4): I buy it. I-I-I, uh, I believe him, 'cause to him... to him, right now, winning is everything. So, I mean, I'm... I'm looking at this whole thing right now as, yes, we are working as a team to get to a specific point, and so that doesn't leave me feeling very vulnerable at this point.
29. Nick (1/1): Uh, we got tree mail, and, uh, it says for our Immunity Challenge, uh, we got to keep others out of your land and fence, like, each... everybody off.
30. Jerri (4/4): Alicia right now is our biggest threat by far. She's got the guns, and she out-strengthens even the men. The men are sweating it right now over Alicia, so I think she... she probably knows that, and it's probably very important to her to win immunity right now.
31. Keith (3/3): Mysteriously, every time we go to Tribal Council, we have a rainstorm. I don't know what that means, but you have to think there's something working there-- stronger powers than we're aware of.
32. Alicia (3/3): Elisabeth thinks the next vote at Tribal Council will go for Jerri. I think Elisabeth is naive in a lot of ways. You know, Colby and Keith and Tina would be foolish to vote Jerri off. It would put them at a disadvantage. So, Nick and I both feel like it's going to be one of us that they're targeting.
33. Elisabeth (11/11): I'm hoping that that swing vote to get Jerri off is Tina. But I really think Jerri is a goner tonight. And I just want to keep playing. I'm not ready to go home. I'm not ready to see my friends go, either. Tribal Council is going to be much more interesting than the last, and... who knows what is going to happen?
1. Colby (1/5): Last night, it was just... tossing and turning all night. The floor of the tent was uncomfortable. When the rain started coming in, I was on the end. Started getting some water flow in my side of the tent, just draining off the tarp that we lay on, and then wake up to see the rain like this, our fire's out. It's going to be a long day.
2. Jerri (1/11): Right now my main concern is staying dry, 'cause I don't want to get cold. So I'm just feeling kind of drained and lazy right now, so... I'm sleeping in.
3. Keith (1/3): The physical work is not... it's not light. You got to go get wood. You got to break it down. You got to keep the fire going. And life in the Outback is tough, and it's getting tougher. It really is getting tougher for everybody.
4. Nick (1/4): The roof of my mouth feels like it's been burned for the last three days. I had en... like, three or four enlarged taste buds on my tongue, which just is terrible. And I'm feeling better, but my mouth is still raw, so I can't even drink water normally. It's just, like, ugh.
5. Tina (1/2): The rain settled in here, and it muddied our water, and it's so cloudy that fishing has not been good at all. We've lost all but two of our hooks because we have to fish from shore, and there's a lot of debris on the bottom.
6. Colby (2/5): Because we're not having the fish, we're having to rely on our rice. We're eating a lot more rice than... maybe we should be. We're down to about two or three days' supply at the rate we're going. We still have eight people to feed.
7. Jerri (2/11): Ironically enough, I ended up being Colby's partner anyway. I think it's important that people are constantly reminded of the reality of our situation. There is nothing fair about this. And... you know, it's about winning.
8. Jerri (3/11): There's got to be a little, little bit of animosity and jealousy from everyone else for winning two rewards in a row. It bothers me a little bit 'cause I can see where that might affect people's voting. But on the other hand, I really couldn't give a flying crap at this point. (laughs)
9. Jerri (4/11): We land on the beach and I see a boat sitting there. I'm, like, "What is going on?" This is... It couldn't possibly get any better.
10. Colby (3/5): I told Jerri as soon as we got in the boat, I said, "Here's the deal: No talk about the game, no strategy, no talk about the other Survivors. Let's just enjoy the day for what it is: a day off... and that's it.”
11. Jerri (5/11): We get under this tent and there is just this spread. There's a basket full of all different kinds of fruits, wrapped sandwiches, a bag of Doritos... There's pasta salad and sweet potatoes and all these different vegetables.
12. Jerri (6/11): We just... we feasted for a good while, and then realized: "I wonder how everybody else is doing." But... I knew.
13. Amber (1/2): Around camp, we just kind of did, you know, daily chores and stuff. Keith and I went and got some firewood and broke some firewood up. Just normal taking-care- of-our-camp stuff, you know, and not too exciting, but just enough to keep us busy to make the day go by a little bit faster with nothing to do.
14. Nick (2/4): Just to get out of here and see one of the wonders of the world would have been great, you know. We're in the Outback, but we're seeing, you know, the same basic spot over and over and over. So, uh, to get out and see some really clear blue water and have a big meal, it would've been great.
15. Jerri (7/11): Here we are in the middle of the Great Barrier Reef. It was just too close to paradise. The setting-- it was... it was very, very romantic, on top of everything else. I even looked at him at one point and I was, like, "This is one hell of a first date, Colby."
16. Jerri (8/11): I couldn't have come out here with a better person than Colby. We're having a great time. We're getting to know each other outside of the game and outside of that environment. This is basically the perfect honeymoon without the sex.
17. Colby (4/5): Jerri was quite giddy on our little getaway. She made a comment to me about it being a honeymoon without the sex, and it couldn't be farther from the truth for me. I mean, we certainly didn't sit around and high-five and-and say, "Man, we finally get our time alone together," you know? That's not what I was looking for. I was just looking for some down time away from the game and that's what I got. It's hard back on Barramundi Beach, being out there 26 days, going on a month, and not have anything but rice, so we're just going to go back in and try to be as humble as possible about it. If somebody pisses me off, then I'm going to just say, "I got to go snorkeling on the Great Barrier Reef. What did you do today?"
18. Jerri (9/11): Returning to Barramundi right now is... I'm not really looking forward to it. But I, at least, am going back feeling rejuvenated and renewed and a little bit more like my true self, because, man, after 26 days of putting on the game face and being this tough, you know, don't-mess-with-me chick... I got a tender side, too. I feel like a little bit of that was touched today.
19. Jerri (10/11): Colby's little, um, shell maneuver was most definitely strategy. For me, in a perfect world, it would be me and him sitting up there in front of the jury. I find him and myself to be the most even on the playing field, more than anybody else here. And so now, because of that little maneuver, I'm thinking... that he's got one up on me, for sure.
20. Colby (5/5): Immunity is going to determine who goes next time, just like immunity determined who... who's going tonight. Nick comes over from Kucha, and as Ogakor, we're still trying to maintain some sort of control. We determined a long time ago that Nick was more of a threat than, say, Elisabeth and Rodger. So that determines why Nick goes before them.
21. Keith (2/3): Nick's a strong guy, although Nick's pretty much had it. He's-he's burned out, and he says, "Listen, I'm ready and I'm ready to go." So, I don't feel real bad about that.
22. Elisabeth (1/1): Well, basically, Kucha's outnumbered right now by Ogakor, and there's a chance, one by one, we could go. I know Nick feels as if he's probably the next to go out of our tribe, but if he wins immunity, it could just as easily be me or Rodger.
23. Nick (3/4): If I don't win the Immunity Challenge, I think I'm a goner.
24. Nick (4/4): Winning the Immunity Challenge is important to stay alive. You know, you get out there, and you try to compete and try to win Immunity Challenges, but looks like everybody is voting on tribal lines at this point.
25. Keith (3/3): Today's the Immunity Challenge. It's an important day for everybody. The mail insinuated that we're standing there on some kind of a log structure, I think it's going to be in the water.
26. Jerri (11/11): The main thing that's changing now that Nick has won today's immunity is that we were all going to vote him off tonight. So, it was discussed on the walk back to camp who we would be voting for instead. It was decided by the ex-Ogakor tribe that, um, Elisabeth would be the next one to go.
27. Amber (2/2): The Tribal Council's definitely never a place where I want to go. I hate going every single time. It's voting somebody off. It doesn't matter if you've been with that person the whole entire time or only a couple days. It's still really hard to do. I definitely want to talk to, you know, Jerri and Colby and Tina and Keith tonight to see if our original plan's still in effect. The plan was kind of just get rid of Kucha one by one by one.
28. Tina (2/2): Me and Colby and Keith usually get together and talk about the order. We all agree or disagree on things.
1. Amber (1/3): Last night at Tribal Council, Jerri got voted off, and I think that the group definitely isolated me from their decision because they thought that I was too close to Jerri. And... I felt sad, not only because of Jerri leaving, but, I think, more so because it made me feel like my own tribe members didn't even trust me enough to let me know what was going on. I felt really left out, and I hated that feeling.
2. Keith (1/6): I think Amber made a tactical mistake by staying tight with Jerri. But she was visibly... stunned last night that that took place, too. She didn't see it coming. So she probably felt she lost her... her big sister comrade last night, and she's kind of a lone lamb out in the midst of the rest of us now. And, uh... she's a big girl, you know? She made that decision early on, and that's where she sits now. There's nothing can be done about it.
3. Amber (2/3): This is how much rice we have left to last us 14 days. This is probably... enough for one serving.
4. Colby (1/4): You know, we're in a spot now, but it's not the end of the world. My gosh, the human body can go days without food. Where the lack of food comes in is mentally, and you got to stay tough mentally to-to make it through a food drought like we have right now. And, um, you can sit around and say, "What if?," you know, "What if we would've saved?" Well, we didn't. We don't have any rice. Woulda, coulda, shoulda, you know? If ifs and buts were candy and nuts, we'd all have a merry Christmas.
5. Tina (1/7): And if we don't catch our food, we won't be eating any food. Here on out, you know, it's gonna have to be... everybody working together, catching... crickets, grubs, whatever we can find, in order to have people fishing, and that's no easy task on its own.
6. Elisabeth (1/9): You know, you're-you're starving. We haven't eaten in 24 hours, and... we had a lot to do and no energy-- none. Everyone here was just in slow motion. You know, I think everyone here would bring back Jerri if we had rice to come with her. (laughs)
7. Keith (2/6): Look at that. You show me Colby doing that. A cowboy can ride bulls and horses, but he can't catch grasshoppers. Oh, look at that! Coming out.
8. Colby (2/4): You know what? I had two grasshoppers this morning, and a frog. But the big ones, you can't even tire those guys out, man. They fly forever and are very scarce, so you can't sneak up on those. The ones everybody's been fishing with is the little bitty ones, which are pretty easy to catch. I haven't seen any lately.
9. Keith (3/6): Yeah, I mean, you-you expend a lot of energy to try catching grasshoppers. You chase them down, I mean, you-you'll run sometimes for 100 yards... not 100 yards. You'll-you'll run sometimes for several yards chasing a grasshopper down, but, uh, that grasshopper could mean a, you know... you know, a 15-inch black bream, so it's very important.
10. Colby (3/4): I think Keith... Keith probably has the upper hand on the whole, uh, grasshopper wrangling. Uh... a little more experience under his belt. You know, he's been at it a while, and-and, uh, he kind of has a handle on it. I've-I've yet to figure out his method, um... but, uh, I may have to go to the master so he can teach young grasshopper how to wrangle grasshoppers.
11. Keith (4/6): Excuse me. I just caught a grasshopper. Kind of important. Oh, no.
12. Rodger (1/2): I was feeling sick. I thought I was going to vomit, to tell you the truth. I guess because I hadn't had hardly any food. And I ate the cheeseburger and now I think I'm going to have to make a trip over the hill to the latrine.
13. Tina (2/7): I think that our body is so stripped of any kind of nutrition-- you know, I had turkey and mashed potatoes and some bread-- and it's just... it's just going "rrrr." You know, my body's trying to process it, and it's just not going too good.
14. Nick (1/3): I'm going to go take a bath, so the whole tent doesn't smell like ass by the end of the night.
15. Elisabeth (2/9): Our systems were just in shock, in absolute shock. And as good as it was, I mean, I would not take any of that away. I would... I would do it all over again. I really would. Nothing can compare to the food.
16. Tina (3/7): The water has risen considerably from last night, and we're losing ground, and we had our flag on the other side of our tent, and... I had to move it because we don't know how much longer there's going to be beach over there. And we're probably going to have to move camp today, actually. Today or tomorrow, no doubt. The water's risen, and it must be flooding upstream because it's quickly encroaching on us.
17. Elisabeth (3/9): It might as well be a minefield right now. I mean, with the... with the weather how it is, a storm could come and just wash our tent right out. It's right in line with the riverbed where it seemed to be rushing before and the river's already crept up and consumed what we had at camp. I mean, we crossed that river to get here. It's almost doubled in size. I mean, it's... it's massive right now, and it is coming for us.
18. Elisabeth (4/9): We're in trouble. We need to move this camp, and, my gosh, if-if I feel how I did yesterday... if everyone feels how they did yesterday, I can't even get myself out of first gear. You know, you go from being starving and then going to an auction and eating, to being starving again, and, you know, that one meal isn't enough to sustain you. It's not. We're still depleted. It's just... it's going to be a rough day, and we don't have food yet.
19. Nick (2/3): For me, uh, not having food is-is a killer. The lack of energy and the heat and the rain-- it's all real, and, uh, tomorrow makes a month. And a month is a long time to lay on the ground. I mean, I'm 23 years old, I'm in pretty good athletic shape. My back is killing me. You know, I've been sick twice. My mouth is raw. Yesterday, I felt a lot better after I ate. You know, I felt I could do this for 13 more days, but today, I'm just, like, “Oh, God, please get me out of here sometime soon.”
20. Tina (4/7): Rodger's been out fishing. Elisabeth's been out fishing. I've been out fishing. Has Nick been out fishing? No. He was asked to go fishing, but he said that he's never been before, and he wasn't planning on starting now.
21. Elisabeth (5/9): Why, you know, let your friends work extra hard because you don't want to get up and move, because you don't feel like moving? We're all sick here. I mean, we're all weak, and I never thought I'd say this, I really never thought I would, but I'm really disappointed in Nick right now. I really am. You know, maybe we're the dumb ones. Maybe he is smart, saving his energy and sleeping all day to win immunity. If we're... if Rodger and I are out there, you know, blowing all of our energy on fishing, and Nick is conserving his energy wisely, he's gonna keep winning Immunity Challenges, and that's gonna leave a vote to one-one of us, one... you know, either Rodger or myself, and that's scary. That makes me mad.
22. Nick (3/3): I-I feel vulnerable because I still remain a-a physical threat to win challenges. Um, I won the last Immunity Challenge. I'm a big body, so I take a lot to feed. So, I'm feeling vulnerable. Um, if I don't win the Immunity Challenge, I definitely expect to go.
23. Rodger (2/2): Got to have something to eat around here. Keeps everybody's spirits up if we got a little something.
24. Tina (5/7): Nutritionally, you know, our body is going into shock. None of us are used to being this weak and not knowing really what to do about it. Um, I know Elisabeth is not doing well at all. She had a very hard time getting up this morning, just making it out of the tent this morning. I'm really concerned about her.
25. Elisabeth (6/9): (sniffles) I'm feeling terrible... and I mean... But I'm just, like, shaking and weak, and... (sniffles) (sighs) I'm just frustrated with how I feel. I couldn't even walk up the hill to fish. I mean... I hate not being able to help out and get some food.
26. Elisabeth (7/9): We have nothing to sustain us through the morning today. We're praying for fish. We have only two hooks right now.
27. Elisabeth (8/9): (sniffles) I'm just real low.
28. Keith (5/6): Once we realized that, "Oh, my God, our shelter's gone," the first thing we seem to have to do is get a roof over our head, 'cause it really seemed like it was going to rain pretty hard today.
29. Keith (6/6): So then it was trying to decide where the shelter's going to be. And we had a little food this morning, but not enough to climb a hill and build a shelter up in the hills, that's for sure.
30. Tina (6/7): I think it was a fair trade if we can keep the rains away, as long as it's not a torrential downpour. We may get wet, but there's worse things in life than being wet, such as starving to death.
31. Tina (7/7): We're using everything that we possibly can at this point. Every little bit helps.
32. Colby (4/4): Amber's a little bit nervous about the fact that we voted Jerri off. She felt like she might be the next one that we go after. It could be potentially deadly for all three of us. She and Elisabeth have been bonding quite well. She could very easily go over to the guys from Kucha and say, "Hey, look, I know they're going after me next. I want to jump on with you guys."
33. Elisabeth (9/9): If I were Amber, I'd feel threatened. I mean, if everyone can make Jerri go away, she can just as easily go away. But by voting Jerri off, Ogakor diluted their power a bit. It didn't seem to be the smartest strategic thing to do. And, now, I think they are worried about Amber approaching us. Amber is kind of a pivot in the whole Barramundi scenario.
34. Amber (3/3): Um, I could approach the Kucha people and go against Colby, Tina and Keith, and it would be four against three, and we could just pick them off one by one. But how do I know that I can 100% trust the Kucha members, that they're not just playing with my mind and just pretending to agree with me? You know, I guess I don't know if I can trust Ogakor people, too. They could be playing with my mind too, but I have to play the game. And the game's getting harder and harder as the days go on.
1. Elisabeth (1/8): This game, in the past three days, has become drastically primal. We are just beings out here that need food.
2. Elisabeth (2/8): The things that are important have become really clear here. You know, you shed yourself of all excess, and we just gave up our shelter for food, and that is a pretty, pretty extreme situation.
3. Amber (1/5): When we got our new rice, we decided we needed to be very, very careful with it this time. The risk of losing it again just wasn't going to be an option. So we measured out the rice, cup by cup by cup by cup.
4. Tina (1/6): That rice gave me hope that I was not going to have to be out here starving to death for the next 11 days, which, to be honest, that's what I thought was going to occur.
5. Amber (2/5): Hope factors in a huge amount for your existence here. I mean, you always have to hope for the next day to come, hope for a fish, a nice night with no rain. And I just keep hoping that the next three days to come, I'm still here and the next three days to come that I'm still here.
6. Elisabeth (3/8): Keith, Colby and Tina are three together. And they see Amber, although she's grown a lot, they don't see that she is a strong person.
7. Tina (2/6): Amber's a sweet girl, but you can't get by just on flying below the radar. She never really proved to me that she could stand on her own two feet. Now, she has proved to me that she's a tougher little girl than I made her out to be.
8. Elisabeth (4/8): The people who are in control are basically gonna push your eject button one time or another, and you just hope it's not the next time.
9. Colby (1/9): Rodger and Elisabeth both know that we brought them along this entire time with the intent to eliminate them before we eliminate ourselves. And they are well aware of the fact that they've got to win immunity in order to stick around.
10. Elisabeth (5/8): The next challenges are very important to me. reward and immunity. I don't care how hungry and weak I am, there's no holding me back, I need them.
11. Colby (2/9): The storm hit about ten minutes into the ride. We went right into the face of the storm, and that kind of startled the horses a little bit. Heavy, heavy, heavy winds. You couldn't see anything around you. It felt like hail, the raindrops were coming down so hard. There was so much water running, it really looked like there was water running uphill. It was bad stuff. Worse than any storm I've ever been through. I feel sorry for all those guys that had to go back to a very wet Barramundi Beach.
12. Rodger (1/5): After seeing this, where we've got our camp is called a dry creek bed. I doubt it if it's dry right now.
13. Rodger (2/5): We had to wait two or three hours till the creeks had gone down. Everybody would... had kind of quit talking, but I knew what was on everybody's mind. Everybody was thinking what's going to be left back there when we get back there.
14. Rodger (3/5): When I first come down the bank there, I could see some blankets hanging on the line, I thought, "Oh, everything's okay." Then I walked another 20 feet where I could see on over, and I could see that everything wasn't okay. It-it looked like a small hurricane or something went-went through there.
15. Elisabeth (6/8): We were really wondering if we'd get back here and find our dry riverbed not so dry, and... despite all optimism and hope, our entire campsite was washed out.
16. Keith (1/5): That water came through like a flurry and just took everything with it. It was just... There was no way to describe it. Especially when we're out here with so little... We lost everything.
17. Tina (3/6): I walked down the hill and I saw the devastation. And my first thought was, you know, that's our home. Washed away our food, our cooking, our knives, everything. Everything's just gone. And to be honest, I was just really, really mad. I don't know who I was mad at or what I was mad at. I was just angry.
18. Colby (3/9): That challenge-and-reward combination was tailor-made for me. To be able to jump on horseback and go ride out to a camp with a bunch of cowboys and sit around a campfire and eat beans and beef stew. I mean, that's something I would do at home.
19. Colby (4/9): I feel just about as fortunate as I have in 33 days to be able to not only get a warm hot meal but also get a warm dry bed to sleep in. It's a very bittersweet time, when you realize what you're doing, you know? Virtually, what I'm doing by enjoying coffee and enjoying a cot is taking that opportunity away from somebody else.
20. Amber (3/5): When we got back to the camp, we didn't really have much to say to each other because we were all just devastated. Well, Tina and Keith thought of going downriver and seeing if they can find something that washed up on shore.
21. Keith (2/5): So I just walked the riverbank and realized that on the other side, our tin of food was there. It was still sealed.
22. Rodger (4/5): I wasn't so much worried about him getting knocked down off the log on into the river. I was worried about him falling backwards. I was afraid he'd get swept down underneath that log and be caught on some limbs down underneath there, and there'd have been no way in the world anybody would have been able to get him out of there.
23. Tina (4/6): I went on downriver. I think Keith was trying to cross midway and I saw that the current was strong and your adrenaline gets pumping, and-and you just know, I can do anything.
24. Tina (5/6): We were very hungry. It's the thing that we feel most out here. And there was nothing that would keep me from getting that rice can. It's just survival of the fittest. And I want to eat, plain and simple. I-I want the rice.
25. Keith (3/5): Food's everything to us at this stage. Geez, we gave up our shelter for our food. Then we lose it in the rain? That's not going to happen.
26. Amber (4/5): We were cold, and we were wet, and we were thinking at least we can light a fire and dry off. And we had no way of starting the fire. It was just devastating. I mean, it's like nothing else could have gone wrong.
27. Colby (5/9): I was hungry and I dove in, and the first plate I had just... went straight through me. I felt awful. We were so used to eating nothing but rice out here, my stomach just... it twisted and turned. As soon as that second or third spoonful went in, I knew it was gonna be trouble.
28. Colby (6/9): Unequivocally, the best peanut butter and jelly I've ever had in my life. I'm stuffed already-- we hadn't even broken into the bacon and eggs, and I don't give a damn. I'm gonna eat as much as I can here, and then I'm gonna go sit by the fire and eat as much as I can over there. I may have to stop and use the bathroom four times on the way back to camp, and it doesn't matter. Mmm.
29. Colby (7/9): I appreciated the opportunity to eat incredibly. Just the opportunity, no matter how sick it made me and no matter how sick I feel now. I had that choice-- I had the choice to eat and eat and eat. I'm very fortunate.
30. Keith (4/5): That was the most miserable night in my entire life. I can now say that. I will never have a more miserable night. I hope not.
31. Elisabeth (7/8): We just have to... make sure that tonight's a little more safe from the weather than last night. And building a shelter. This is our first priority right now.
32. Rodger (5/5): I had laid awake all night thinking about the shelter. And I definitely did not want to put it back down there on that sand.
33. Tina (6/6): There's no good place to hide here. It's very frustrating. Where the heck do we build it, you know? In the river bed where it's gonna flood, or up on the high point where we can get struck by lightning?
34. Colby (8/9): I think this is the worst-case scenario that could possibly happen-- returning to camp and having to see what all your tribe mates went through the night before. We tell each other over and over, "When you win a reward, don't feel guilty." But, inevitably, you... you feel guilty. And it wiped everything out, you know, including a good portion of-of everybody's... emotional steam.
35. Colby (9/9): Everyone's going through the ringer right now. And out of all six of us, I've been the luckiest. This Immunity Challenge is such a double-edged sword for me. I'm worried about saving my own butt, but a bigger part of me is worried about winning another challenge and how that's gonna affect the way I'm viewed.
36. Keith (5/5): Going to Tribal Council is not a fun thing. I mean, you have no real good reason for picking to vote somebody off other than you're trying to get to the end.
37. Amber (5/5): It's sad to see another person go out of your group. You know, that's less people, less comfort, less conversations. I never, ever look forward to going to Tribal Council, never. I hate it.
38. Elisabeth (8/8): This group has really endured a lot and persevered through some really torrential natural problems. Tribal Council becomes really tough. I think this is gonna be one of the toughest ones I've had to go to.
1. Rodger (1/4): Gonna try and get everything cleaned off this beach. We never know when we're going to have another torrential rain like we had a couple of days ago. Took out everything.
2. Keith (1/6): It rained a lot last night and our new shelter leaked. I didn't sleep all night. Everyone was a little... little drained this morning.
3. Colby (1/10): The closer you get to the end, the more you think about what's waiting for you when you leave-- be it food, be it your family, your bed, your pillow.
4. Tina (1/5): I miss my husband and my children more than anything. I'm still kind of a newlywed. I've only been married just a year and a half, and my husband is my very best friend. And I miss picking my kids up from school and having my son happy to see me. And I just miss everything about them.
5. Colby (2/10): With the storm that came through and the shelter, that's the... the worst I've seen Tina. She was at a rock bottom. But Elisabeth's been that way for awhile. Physically, Elisabeth's run down, and emotionally, and she's the one we've all tried to nurture a little bit.
6. Elisabeth (1/4): I woke up this morning wet and... still trying to recover from being really hungry. The past four days really wrecked me.
7. Elisabeth (2/4): Tree Mail said that we'll rely on our loved one or my mom. (crying) My mom is the... She's my hero, like, she is just... the most amazing, strong woman. Like, she got through breast cancer and chemo like a trooper, and any time I think that things get tough out here, I know what she's been through. She's my hero. And with her, I can do anything.
8. Tina (2/5): Whenever I got on the computer, I could not type fast enough. I said, “We won. Of all the things that I wanted to win, this was it. I wanted to talk to you all so... much.” I got a major rush from getting to talk to my family. And I thought, that's enough to carry me through another eight days, easy. “I love and miss you all more than you will ever know, and I will never ever go away again for this long.” I thought, "Eight more days? Got it beat, girl."
9. Tina (3/5): After I won my reward, the main emotion was sheer joy.
10. Tina (4/5): I mean my mouth hurt from just smiling the whole time I was typing. Just the few words that we got to exchange between one another, it was just sheer joy.
11. Colby (3/10): Yeah, I think it was apparent to everyone here that today, at least for a day, strategy did not enter in our heads. And that probably won't be the case tomorrow, but today, we didn't care about winning a million bucks.
12. Keith (2/6): Rodger and I are usually up right around the first time, you know, before anybody. We had a bad night of rain, so any time we have rain, we more than likely lose our fire. Starting fire in the morning is really very, very difficult. We were out just doing our morning bathroom break, and I looked off to the horizon. I said, "What is that smoke over there?" We found an actual piece of tree that was smoldering from a forest fire that was probably two weeks old. God's giving us a present this morning, on this cold, wet morning. That was a huge find for us. It was the basis behind a great fire.
13. Tina (5/5): I'm looking at the river, and it's running through our old camp. That is truly amazing.
14. Colby (4/10): From a material standpoint, we've lost a lot. I mean, we have our rice, and now that we know we have food, we rationed the rice for the amount of days that we have left. Keith is cooking way too much rice at every meal. All you've got to do is just make smaller servings, and-and he just... he can't get it through his head.
15. Keith (3/6): This is where the game is really on right now. My intention is that I'll be here with Colby and Tina in the last three. At this stage of the game, it's natural that political campaigning is going on, especially with these last few individuals, because they're your jury. I'm doing a lot more of the cooking now. Now that it's more one-on-one dynamic, it's important to be able to do things that the other members of the group see as a value.
16. Elisabeth (3/4): Keith just said, "I'm going to do a little experiment with the brown rice and white rice." I mean, our portions were huge. And he said, "You know, I'm used to doing this sort of thing. I can I assess how much we have." I think he just feels awfully comfortable with the fact that he's going to be one of the final three or two, and he knows the portion sizes will be bigger then.
17. Keith (4/6): The rice issue today was the first time I've seen Colby blow up, and, uh, it got me legitimately concerned, especially when Elisabeth was right there, chiming in. I thought, “There's something going on here, and I'm really in a very vulnerable situation.”
18. Colby (5/10): He's a fool-- the guy's a bozo, and I'm just tired of it. I'm tired of dealing with him. And I don't take anything that Keith does for face value. I think there's an ulterior motive to everything he says and everything he does, whether it's cooking rice or proposing to his girlfriend online. I don't like the way he's playing the game, and I think he's trying way too hard because he can't make it on just being who he is. My game with Keith is done. It's over.
19. Colby (6/10): As far as what's wearing on me the most: time. The long days. That's the only thing getting to me, nothing else. And if it weren't for the long days, Keith wouldn't even get to me. I mean, I wouldn't be as volatile as I am if it wasn't for the boredom.
20. Keith (5/6): Not unusual to sit and look at the fire for an hour and just stare at the fire and the flames.
21. Colby (7/10): Your fire becomes, uh, what's been referred to as the "Outback television." I mean, and that's what it is. That's your entertainment. You look and see how long an ember can burn or how long it takes a log to burn in half to where it collapses. And it's just one of those things. You color in a coloring book or you play a few games of backgammon. Or you get into a conversation with someone that you forgot you had three days ago.
22. Colby (8/10): Cold, hunger, wet-- none of that can compare to the boredom. It doesn't even fit in the same category, as far as I'm concerned.
23. Rodger (2/4): I literally cannot stand, like, to go up there and just lay around in that hut for three or four hours, just drives me crazy. I said “I got to get up and get out of here.” I said “I can't stay in this hut laying around.”
24. Colby (9/10): Rodger's always chipped in more than he's had to with the tribe, whether it be fishing or boiling water. He's always up to do stuff. Being the oldest guy still here, he's got more energy than any of us do, you know, and I think it comes from his heart. Because we're not playing for ourselves now, we're playing for those who are deserving to be here. Rodger and Elisabeth and Tina are all three deserving to be in the final three. As far as Keith goes, there's not anything outstanding or phenomenal that he's done that has kept him in the game. Immunity plays a huge part in this because immunity could mean anyone can be along farther in the game. and at this point, anybody could win.
25. Rodger (3/4): I don't know what's going to happen at tonight's Tribal Council. I got the impression that, uh, it would probably be myself and Elisabeth, not necessarily in that order, would be the next two to be voted off. Well, Tina mentioned which one I felt needed the money the worst-- myself or Elisabeth. I said I think Elisabeth probably does because of, uh, Elisabeth's, uh, background and her mother being sick, and what have you. And I just decided that I would take the out first for Elisabeth.
26. Rodger (4/4): I really wouldn't want Elisabeth to know that I had done that. But Elisabeth and myself have become very close, and, uh, I've kind of watched out for her. And that's basically it, really. Basically the reason.
27. Keith (6/6): Rodger just wanted it to be known that when it comes to picking Elisabeth or himself to go first, he wanted to go first. But you don't know what's really going to happen. I mean, I could be voted off tonight and totally blindsided.
28. Elisabeth (4/4): Tribal Council is more up in the air than I would have thought tonight. Colby supposedly was voting for Rodger, and I don't know if Keith has driven him crazy enough that he'll vote for Keith.
1. Colby (10/10): The biggest struggle I deal with in the final few Tribal Councils is whether I want to sit beside someone who almost guarantees me the million bucks, or whether I want to sit beside someone who, if I don't win the million bucks, I'll still feel good about that other person winning. I don't even have my answer to that. I did yesterday, but it changed this morning, and it'll change again, um, tonight.
2. Elisabeth (1/9): I'm the last of the Kucha tribe. I was lonely last night. It's different here without Rodger. He's a little treasure I happened to find in the Outback from Kentucky.
3. Elisabeth (2/9): It was emotional for me to see Rodger be voted out, but he would never want me to, you know, get all mushy and sad and kind of lay down and die. Like, no way, I am gonna... I want to win this thing.
4. Elisabeth (3/9): Today I spent a lot of time talking with Tina and just, you know, about family, about a lot. I think probably with Rodger gone, I miss family more.
5. Colby (1/13): I think my mom probably misses me the most, just because of-of how close we are. I mean, I know she's the one I miss the most, and I know she's the one that has gotten me through all this. I mean, I talk to her on a daily basis when I get off and spend time by myself. Obviously, she doesn't respond orally, but I know she's hearing me.
6. Tina (1/3): Whenever we very first started playing this game, we knew that there were some luxuries that we could not afford ourself. One was thinking about family. But now that it's getting towards the end, it seems that, you know, we can joke around a little bit even, and we can laugh about it, and we can keep our sanity.
7. Elisabeth (4/9): Yeah, there's a lot of, kind of make yourself feel a little more normal. You know, Colby will run to the convenience store and pick up some gum. We go to check the mail. Checking the mail is probably one of the most normal things we do.
8. Colby (2/13): I just won a new car. I cannot believe it. I never had a new car. I won a new damn car. Got one hell of a-a winning streak going, and I'm just going to ride it as long as I can.
8. Elisabeth (5/9): This is the most challenging thing I've ever had to do... on a daily basis. It's not the games. It's not the Reward Challenge. Those are hard in themselves. Like, they'd be hard anywhere. Living here day-to-day-- those are the real challenges. My hair has been falling out in a lot of clumps. I don't know if I can get one right now, but it just keeps... Yeah, like, just falls out all the time. It's malnutrition.
9. Elisabeth (6/9): Everyone was really shocked. There are 20-something pounds lost by Colby, almost 30 pounds lost by Keith. Tina's at 99. She's not even in triple digits. And I'm not too far away from that. I'm just feeling as though my stomach is eating itself.
10. Colby (3/13): Keith goes on little sabbatical walks. Keith and I haven't had a whole lot of conversation lately. I think Keith is trying to figure out exactly what his strategy's going to be in the next couple of days, and probably also doing a lot of thinking about tomorrow's challenge. I get the feeling that Keith feels like he needs to win tomorrow.
11. Keith (1/5): If my legs hold out, I'm going to go up to the top of this ridge. You can see 360 degrees over the whole plate land of the Outback here. It's a magnificent view... but it's a long walk.
12. Colby (4/13): I'm just counting down the minutes, and hopefully going to, uh... get a look at my new ride, my new wheels, and a hot meal tonight.
13. Colby (5/13): The girls surprised me with a little car-warming gift in lieu of a housewarming gift, like when you get a new house. A lot of people you deal with in this game are-are disingenuous. They're just... It's not real. But with those two girls, I really believe it is.
14. Elisabeth (7/9): Knowing that that was the last Reward Challenge, and I couldn't pull one out was kind of sad. When you come so close to something-- you almost touch that car and have that warm meal, and then you don't get it... I want the prize at the end. That's it. Simple. And I was thinking a little bit about Rodger. I miss him. And I really want Keith to come back so we can eat.
15. Keith (2/5): We all find ourselves doing more of a going off and being by yourself time, uh, and thinking. I think what I spent so much time thinking about is my family, my children, my parents, and of course, my fiancé. And I know that I-I see the light at the end of the tunnel now. It's-it's real close now. You don't have a lot of control at this stage of the game. The cards have been dealt, and fate is inevitable, so it makes the most sense just to kind of glide in, be cool and calm, enjoy these last few days the best you can.
16. Colby (6/13): It's awesome. I mean, the car is way cooler than I thought it was going to be. And it's got some of the neatest amenities a vehicle's ever had. You know, you got a stereo in the back of it, not to mention a huge tent.
17. Colby (7/13): One thing you don't realize how much you miss until you... you're here is the touch and the intimacy of loved ones. Being able to hold somebody and hug 'em-- that's one of the significant, uh, importances of having my mom here, just because she brings some of my daily normalcy back to me.
18. Colby (8/13): This morning was awesome. Out of everything that took place in the last 24 hours, the hot shower I was looking forward to the least. However, now that it's done, I think I enjoyed it the most next to-to being able to visit with my mom. I had no idea having a hot shower would feel so good.
19. Tina (2/3): We see Colby coming up, and along with Colby is this person with a pink sweater on, and it was Colby's mom. She gave us all a big hug, and she said, "This is a hug from home."
20. Elisabeth (8/9): Colby's mom was... She was like the token loved one from home. I think we were all able to feel that love and feel that care that we've been missing for so long. I mean, when she hugged me, I felt my whole family there.
21. Elisabeth (9/9): To hear stuff that's going on at home, it makes you feel as if the world doesn't really stop without you, it keeps going. Our homes at home are... News is happening, and life goes on.
22. Colby (9/13): Right in the middle of conversation, Mom gets up, kind of takes off for a second and comes back like Santa Claus with a big burlap sack over her arm, and kind of throws it on the rug in front of us and says, "I can't leave without giving you guys something to go on." And she brought back care packages for Tina and Elisabeth and Keith from their families.
23. Keith (3/5): Still had a moment. I mean, me looking at the pictures of my kids, and reading letters from my girlfriend and stuff... It was... It hits, you know... It's hard not to hold back. I mean... we only have a few days left, but it's hard.
24. Colby (10/13): It's almost like a conjugal visit if-if you were a prisoner-- you know, having... having someone that can come see you, but you've got a piece of Plexiglas in between you and that person or something. It was, in a way, like that, 'cause it was bittersweet. I knew she was gonna be here, but I also knew she was gonna get taken away.
25. Colby (11/13): I'm so lucky that to... to have happen what-what has happened over the last day and a half, but now it's time to shift gears. Now it's time to go play. We got to go do a challenge, and then, inevitably, go to a Tribal Council night and get rid of one of those three people up there, if not myself. How weird is that?
26. Keith (4/5): Not a whole lot I can do right now. You go in and do the best you can on these immunities. If you come out holding the immunity, then your position is set. If you don't come out holding your immunity, you better have your bags packed when you go to Tribal Council.
27. Colby (12/13): My only loyalty is-is to Tina. There's no other loyalty for me, so it could be Keith or Elisabeth I'm gonna vote for. I think both of them need immunity to save themselves at this point.
28. Keith (5/5): Colby's mom is gone and we've had our little interlude-- our intermezzo, if you will. The game is back on. It's anybody's game right now as far as who's going to be in the last three. Anybody's game.
29. Tina (3/3): There is a sense of doom and gloom about Tribal Council. And it seems that the day of Tribal Council, people are whispering and talking, and a little bit of paranoia sets in, too. You don't have as many people to choose from to kick off. You know, there's only four of you, and one of you's got to go.
30. Colby (13/13): I still haven't made up my mind as far as who I'm going to vote for. It comes down to two things-- strategy or philanthropy. On one hand, you got who deserves it, who's a good... who's a righteous person, who needs that money? Or the other side is use strategy. How can I get that? How can I put that money in my pocket? That's something we've all weighed from Day 1-- how bad do you want the money?
1. Keith (1/8): This morning is homestretch. There's only three of us left, and, uh... we have three days. This is what the 42 days is all about. It's about these last three days. I mean, everything else becomes just... a product to get to this point.
2. Colby (1/17): The environment and the elements here have probably been the most dominant player in this game. You've got the 17th player here, and it's the environment, because it's the one dropping you to your knees, kicking you in the butt. And every time you feel like you're getting up, you get knocked down again. Either the heat or the lack of food or the-the flooding, the rains... Something's going to be... You know, you're going to get a curve ball no matter what.
3. Colby (2/17): Whether you want to admit it or not, you deteriorate. In 40 days, Day 40 is ten times harder than Day 20 was. No question about it. Because you're weaker, because you're tired, because you're-you're sick of dealing with everything you've had to deal with. And you've still got to play the game. You've still got to think about what's-what's at hand, and that's, you know, surviving the people long enough to get in a position to win.
4. Tina (1/15): On Day 40, being here... becomes this overwhelming surprise. I cannot believe that I'm here. Even though I'm a competitor and I came here with the idea of winning challenges, of having an adventure, of doing well, I never thought I could get this far. As this game is coming to an end, I think that I have... evolved, that who I started out as in this game is not who I've ended up as. I have developed more into a strategist, and it worked to get me from 16 to three.
5. Colby (3/17): Trusting people in this game will get you in trouble. And even quicker, it'll get you gone, and that's-that's because it's a game. And in a way, that's where it parallels life, but in a way, that's where it differs from life for me, because the only person I've been truly 100% honest to in this game is myself, and in real life, I'm not that way. I'm an honest person. But I'm playing to win a million dollars here, and so if you trust somebody, it's your own fault. You're a fool for not playing the game.
6. Colby (4/17): When we first got the Tree Mail... and-and reading through it, and it said, "Giving back to the land," I was intimidated by that. At first, I didn't know how. I didn't know how to approach that whole statement, and it took a-a-a lot of time today to remember how much I've taken from the land. We've used it for our shelter. We've used it to stick food in our belly. And at first, I didn't get the big picture, but when you do stop and think about it for a while and really put your mind to it, you realize that you've been given a lot.
7. Keith (2/8): When we had a chance to work on the idols, it was an all-day process, so you had a lot of reflection time. You thought about, uh, crossing the river for the first time. You thought about eating your first fish, loved ones back home. It was a healing process, actually. It helped put closure to everything.
8. Tina (2/15): For me, personally, I'm proud of the fact that I'm a woman and I'm here in the final three with two men. And so, I wanted my idol to be feminine in her own way.
9. Colby (5/17): While I was working on that totem, whether it was painting or carving or-or stringing beads or whatever, I was reflecting and think about... thinking about what the last 40 days have meant to me. I struggled with it at first, trying to figure out what I was supposed to do or needed to do, and then I thought, “You know, it's mine.” And it took me a while to-to grasp that, to think that, you know, there's not any rules. Just like this game, there were no rules. No holds barred, play it how you want and see what happens.
10. Tina (3/15): It's been a long, long journey, and everything surrounding this game is one big emotional pull, and now, you've only got three days left, and the people that you've shared life with 24-7 for the past 42 days is going to be over.
11. Keith (3/8): Tonight is the last night for one of us to be sleeping here. Tonight is the last night for somebody.
12. Keith (4/8): We have an Immunity Challenge coming up-- the most important Immunity Challenge that any of us... any of us will play. The winner basically gets to walk up and cast a vote. At this stage of the game, we all feel vulnerable, because at that stage, it's not a voting bloc. It's who you want to be in the finals with. Who do you want the jury to look at sitting next to you to potentially choose you over them to give you the money? That's what it's about now. Tough call.
13. Tina (4/15): This last morning, you know, everything seems like the last for the three of us, and it's just... I know it's a game, but still it's sad, you know? It's not just a game coming to an end, but it's the game coming to an end and the three of us leaving each other's company.
14. Keith (5/8): The last 24 hours has kind of been a little bittersweet. One of us is leaving tonight. One of us saw the sunset for the last time, and the sunrise this morning for the last time. One of us had the last meal with us together, so it was... It's kind of, uh, you know, it's, it's strange, it's bittersweet, it's sad.
15. Colby (6/17): I don't want to think about leaving tonight. It's a very real possibility. This whole experience has been full of firsts and lasts, every day. But that's just one facet I don't like dwelling on.
16. Keith (6/8): The Tree Mail gave instructions on where we should go with the totem that we created, and we're going to walk past the torches of all the Survivors that went before us. And at the end of the walk, we're going to offer the gift up that we made.
17. Tina (5/15): Every now and then, you get a glimpse of closure and you get a glimpse of the impact, and you get a glimpse of how significant it is that you've gotten this far. And I can already feel it starting to rise. You know, I can already feel the... anxiety of some sort in my chest, and a warm fuzzy, you know, coming on. And I don't think this is going to be easy. I think this is going to be, you know, one of those times of saying good-bye. And I don't know why saying good-bye is so hard. You know, my gosh, we've been put through the wringer. I don't know why it should be so hard, but, uh... it's hard to say good-bye.
18. Colby (7/17): I think the three of us are very emotionally attached to each other right now. And if the word "love" comes out of your mouth, then that's the emotion you're feeling at that time, you know? I don't love the two of them like I love my family, not yet. I haven't known them long enough. But you still share a-a bond that I guess you could call love, I mean, 'cause you'd have to love some of these people to put up with them in the context that we have for 42 days.
19. Keith (7/8): I think that it seems somewhat apropos for this situation, you know? That we'd walk past individuals that left before us. One of us will be leaving tonight, and there'll be two left, so I-I'm actually... I'm looking forward to it. I guess it's kind of a saying good-bye process.
20. Keith (8/8): The time that I've spent here has been a cleansing process. And I am 40 years old, I got two wonderful kids, and have had-- like any other individual that's 40 years old-- have had failures and successes and highs and lows. In the last five days, I've realized this really is not about the money, and it shouldn't be. You should walk away from this with something that's far more valuable than money, and I will. I don't think that I have the opportunity to win the money. I don't think I'll be at that level. I mean, I'm close, but I don't think I'll be of the last two, and it's totally fine with me. I-I'm so enriched by everything I've gained from this process and this experience. I feel really great about it. I feel very content.
21. Tina (6/15): I've got to share the past 42 days with a lot of people who are extremely close to their family. And I think that, you know, I've been guilty of living my life and, uh, trying to be this strong individual who didn't really need anybody and, um... and ver... fiercely independent. And I think for the first time in my life, the Outback has taught me the value of how much your family means to you, and that you really do need each other. And whenever I get home, I want to go back and for the first time really nurture my family.
22. Colby (8/17): That's what being here for 42 days has done for us-- it's made us realize what we take for granted at home, and all those things in our daily living when we're in our comfort zone that we don't appreciate because we're so used to having them. Well, we've been out here for 42 days, now we appreciate those things back home. Now we appreciate those people that we've taken for granted and the little things they say, the way they say our name, and all those cool things that you can't wait to get back to. And that's what making these idols was about-- so that we appreciate and remember why we were here.
23. Tina (7/15): Usually, when we've left Tribal Council, there's been a wide range of emotion, such as Mad Dog. When we voted her off, that was a sad day at the Ogakor camp. And there were other times that we came back to camp where it just felt awkward. We really loved Elisabeth, and it just felt awkward almost not having her presence there. And there's been some times when we came back from camp, and we were a little happy.
24. Tina (8/15): Last night, coming into camp, just me and Colby, I have to say that it was sheer exhilaration. I accomplished something that I wanted to do, and that was to make it to last two.
25. Colby (9/17): Returning from Tribal Council was the best feeling I've had in 42 days. It was a victorious feeling. Sixteen of us started, and, and we were the two that beat 'em all.
26. Tina (9/15): This last immunity, I was a nervous wreck. Had Keith won, I'm not sure whether or not he would have voted for me to stay with him.
27. Colby (10/17): I think, when it came down to it, more than likely, he would've kept Tina on board and gotten rid of me, so I needed to keep immunity from Keith. That was my only objective last night.
28. Colby (11/17): Keith might've been the only way Tina and I could've gotten here. And trust me, we tried every way possible to figure out how we could vote Keith off instead of Rodger, but sometimes, you've got to bring along people that you don't necessarily want to.
29. Tina (10/15): I don't think Keith could've made it this far on his own accord. You know, we kind of pulled Keith along. We needed a third as part of an alliance to have a majority vote, and we've kept Keith around for that reason.
30. Colby (12/17): I don't think Keith earned the right to sit in a position of-of one of the final two in this game. I don't think he played the game in a fashion or well enough to deserve that spot.
31. Colby (13/17): It's a great day. I mean, and it is only going to get better each hour that-that goes by, and we realize we're one step closer to tonight. I mean, it's awesome. Mission accomplished. I mean, we've done everything we can.
32. Tina (11/15): I felt joy. I felt peace. I began to feel closure for the first time. I want to spend the day taking some visual pictures, capturing those to take 'em home with me.
33. Colby (14/17): This is the appropriate place for Tina and I to be. The highest peak that we could see or climb to from our camp. Getting as high as we can and literally feeling like you're on top of the world in more ways than one.
34. Tina (12/15): I look at Colby. He came here for one thing-- to win a million dollars. He didn't come here to make friends. He didn't come here for any other reason, and his actions show that. He speaks it. He lives it. He's wide open.
35. Colby (15/17): In the game of Survivor, you've got to switch hats a lot. You got to wear a white hat part of the time, and sometimes you got to put on the black hat, and that's the only way you can do good at this game. You got to be the bad guy sometimes. You've got to be a little bit selfish, but hopefully, in the end, you wore a white hat more of the time than you did a black hat. Tina has played the game better than anyone else. She hasn't flown under the radar. However, she hasn't ruffled any feathers. She's stayed on course the entire time. I think she knew where she wanted to be and how she was gonna get there much earlier than I did.
36. Tina (13/15): I think it's important for Colby and I to break down the camp, kind of as a tribute.
37. Tina (14/15): The shelter-- it was built with no food in our system, very, very weak bodies. That day, building that shelter was very, very tough. And to take it down now is almost like saying, "It was worth it, because look where I am. I'm one of the two. It was worth it."
38. Colby (16/17): Winning this game means so much to me, and is so important to me because of the level of difficulty. Because it's been so tough to get to this point. And it has taken so much out of me-- physically, emotionally, mentally. But that's why it means so much to win this game-- 'cause I have so much invested in it.
39. Tina (15/15): What it boils down to is did I come here for 42 days to starve, to live in the type of environment that I've lived in, to make those type of sacrifices, to give somebody like Elisabeth a million dollars? Or did I come here to play this game and me deserve the million dollars?
40. Colby (17/17): I've been selfish in the way I've played. However, I'm choosing to go into the finals with Tina, and that's not a selfish move, 'cause if I was 100% selfish, I would choose to go in with Keith. I feel certain I probably could have won against Keith. I don't even know that I have a 50-50 shot against Tina.
