1. Colton (1/6): This is definitely my game. Girls love me. As far as guys, like, the guys aren't going to see me as a  threat.
2. Alicia (1/6): If I find out one of these dudes likes me, oh, they're going to get played.
3. Jonas (1/3): I have a ton of outdoor skills that people won't necessarily know because how badass could a sushi chef be?
4. Jay (1/3): I'm going to try to make a girl alliance. So I’m in with the females, as well as the males.
5. Michael (1/3): I've seen the game change. I think I'm ready for a twist.
6. Troyzan (1/3): One guy is called Tarzan. And I'm like, “He can't be Tarzan, I'm Troyzan. It’s like, I-I’m… (taps chest) this is my island, baby.”
7. Colton (2/6): I was absolutely horrified when Jeff said, “Men over here, women over there.” I was just like, “Are you freaking serious?” Like, look at my tribe and look at me. Like, I'm the girl within the guy tribe.
8. Michael (2/3): I stole everything from them. It was just too easy. I was like, I had to-- I had to go get it.
9. Chelsea (1/3): We're not letting those muscles discourage us at all. Girls, if we all just keep our head in the game and try to stay, you know, together and just take the boys down, then we'll just be one huge ball of badassness. (laughs)
10. Tarzan (1/1): As we walked through the jungle, we began to realize, “Oh, my God. This encampment is hundreds of miles away,” and we had tons of stuff to carry. It was a huge burden. We each lost ten pounds of water weight.
11. Jonas (2/3): I'm trying to act all tough but I’m inside I'm like… (pants) you know, just hurting, just sucking wind. But the guy that impressed me the most on that trek was Leif. He was carrying the heaviest thing out of anybody. You know, he's a buff little dude.
12. Kourtney (1/2): Yeah, I wasn't too thrilled about the men versus women thing. I'm a girl, I know I'm crazy. We're all crazy. I mean, women-- and that's the thing too, no offense, but like, women can be so, you know, warm and they seem so understanding and compassionate and accepting, and then before you know it, just like… (gestures knife to neck) you know?
13. Alicia (2/6): The hike into camp definitely showed who are the stronger girls, and it's Kim, myself, and Chelsea. And I would say Sabrina. Um, I love Kitty Kat. She was a little weak and she was irritating me, but she knew that. Right away, I already knew who our five were gonna be and it was done in a matter of seconds.
14. Kim (1/2): I didn't plan to form an alliance right off the bat. I was just going to lay low but I think when the guys started stealing off the truck, that was a huge rivalry right off the bat. And when the guys did that, the girls were like, “Women power!” (laughs) Which I'm not a big fan of but I'm going with it. So…
15. Sabrina (1/9): When we walked on to the beach, we looked up to our flag and we were so happy to get here. And then we looked five feet to the right and saw the Manono tribe. What is going on? Are those suckers living us?
16. Kourtney (2/2): I'm like, “Wait a minute!”
17. Alicia (3/6): Hey! It's gonna be a party!
18. Chelsea (2/3): We were kind of pissed.
19. Jonas (3/3): When-when we saw our flag, I was excited. But when I saw their flag next to our flag I was just confused. I was like, “Wait, what?”
20. Sabrina (2/9): If I had to do the jumping on the truck 60-second grab all over again, I would have stole some things from them like they stole from us. They definitely played dirty on that truck. I said, “Okay, we got a good inclination of how they're going to play the game, and, uh… game on.”
21. Matt (1/4): I'm not a ladies' man. I'm not a guy that's going to go around and keep the girls happy. I don't care about those girls. Give us that chicken as an apology, and then we'll-- then we’ll think about talking. And it was obvious from that minute, that I'm with the guys, not these girls. And if you cross me, I don't care what you look like or what sex you are, I'm not working with you.
22. Colton (3/6): There's a clear divide within, like, this (air quotes) “One World.” There's the guys over here and there's the girls over there. And, I mean, I definitely want to be over there.
23. Matt (2/4): I mean, the minute I saw Colton, I knew Colton was gay. He's very comfortable with it. Good for him. I also knew that he was going to have problems identifying with the guys around camp. There's a lot of manly men around here. And nobody has an issue with him being gay or anything like that. It's just, he doesn't try to fit in at all. And if Colton doesn't fix that then, you know, he's going to be going home quick.
24. Colton (4/6): Matt is-- he's very arrogant, first off. He's very condescending and he thinks he's running this show. But if I get what I want, his torch is going out.
25. Matt (3/4): I mean, the way Survivor always works initially is that the strong stay because they benefit the tribe and the weak go. So I'm aligned with Big Mike, J-Bird and Bill. I mean, it's an easy alliance. We're the young, fit guys. You know, we're not going to get any Survivor points for that. I'm in the group and I'm happy and it's the dominant alliance, clearly, so I'm sitting pretty as far as I'm concerned.
26. Sabrina (3/9): Colton is a wild card. I-I-- my gut is telling me to believe in him, but who knows? Anything can go down in Survivor but he has me cracking up in stitches. And if humor is his armor, then he has all of us sold like suckers, so I like him.
27. Jay (2/3): Even though this is One World, to me it's two hemispheres-- their tribe versus our tribe. I don't really think the girl's tribe wanted to be in with us. I think they made it apparent by the way they were scavenging around themselves. They was keeping everything on their side so I don't want to help them in any way possible. As far as I'm concerned, they need to stay on their side. I'll stay on mine. And if they need us more than we need them, then we're in charge of this game.
28. Leif (1/1): The women definitely noticed the fire, and as soon as they saw that smoke, they came a-runnin. (chuckles)
29. Matt (4/4): But again, the chicken thing set things off on the wrong note. They want us to give them fire and that ain't gonna happen.
30. Troyzan (2/3): (chuckling) It shows you-- it goes to show you, I mean, these are chicks over there, like, they're in Cuckoo Land. I mean, they want to go and trade fire for a chicken. It's the first day, the first hours. We don't need a chicken.
31. Troyzan (3/3): The girls are so typical. You can’t play-- I've been around 50 years, lady. You didn't come over here with your set of tatters on you and walking around with your little bikini. You're not getting fire from me on the first day. You better suffer for like, two or three days. Maybe they’ll just one by one just quit-- “Oh, we're done! This is not what I signed up for.”
32. Michael (3/3): The women want our fire, you know? They're getting dehydrated, you know, there’s no water for ‘em. They can't boil their own water so, us-us not giving them fire is-is kind of a big advantage.
33. Jay (3/3): You're at war here, period. Like, somebody’s gotta beat somebody, so I think any deal with the girls at this point is ludicrous. They're down. Keep ‘em down. If they get fire on their own, good for them. If they don't, let ‘em struggle.
34. Monica (1/1): Tonight, Christina and I thought, “The boys stole the axe from us, so let's go over and steal an ember from them.”
35. Christina (1/1): Last night we went over and tried to steal an ember. Did we start a fire? Yeah. Did it last? No, it died. Fire is so important. We need to get that fire to-day. I think some of these girls who have this chip on their shoulder thinking, like, we don't need the guys. Look, it's not so much about pride, it's about, yes, we have a game to play, but we also need to survive as well.
36. Alicia (4/6): Christina keeps going to the boys camp, making deals. Every time our people find her she's doing, like, handshakes and things like that. She's trying to make little peace treaties with the guys. I'm not stupid!
37. Alicia (5/6): We will weave for them, but we are going to weave at our camp and they're going to bring us our fire. I'm about to punch Christina in her face. I see what she's doing. She's trying to be friendly with the guys and she's the first one who’s gonna go. First one to go.
38. Sabrina (4/9): I just went to go kind of, you know, take a bath, and on my way back I said, “You know what? Let me look for the idol.”
39. Sabrina (5/9): I am having an amazing day. Literally, the second place I looked, I'm like, “Oh, my God! There's a package.”
40. Sabrina (6/9): I found an idol but it's not for me. The rule says it's for the Manono tribe. I have to give it up before the next Tribal Council, and I'm just trying to think, like, “Who should I give it to?”
41. Sabrina (7/9): I have to save someone from the guys team. That could hurt or help me. And Colton is the obvious choice.
42. Colton (5/6): Obviously, I'm her first-choice candidate to give the idol to. Like, I’m seriously, like, I’m absolved today. It's taking everything not to jump up and down right now. Like, I’m-- this is, like, my saving grace.
43. Chelsea (3/3): In our minds, we knew that there was no chance they would just take the immunity, and when they did, it was, like, heartbreak. Those guys don't give a crap  about any of us girls and they showed it today. They don't care. This is a no-mercy game.
44. Nina (1/1): Yeah, the challenge. Wow! What a disappointment. I feel so bad for Kourtney, and I hope she's okay, but it's disappointing not to be able to finish it and only got through the first part of it, and this (points to bruised face) is what happened. (chuckles) I don't know how this happened!
45. Kim (2/2): The guys with the, uh, not wanting to finish the challenge, you know, I get it. Like, in hindsight, I can look back and kind of see maybe what they were thinking. But I'm from Texas. Men are chivalrous, grew up watching westerns. It's just, like, no guy I know would have made that choice.
46. Sabrina (8/9): This is the big move that everybody is looking for. You have to take the risk. Forget who's going to be pissed off at you. Swing over and think about the gay guy that comes in who everybody thinks is going to get out in the first round, you come over and you knock off one of the biggest people there.
47. Colton (6/6): Matt thinks I'm a puppet and he's in for a huge surprise if everything goes like I want it to. We're going to cut his throat faster than Taylor Swift will write a song about her next boyfriend.
48. Sabrina (9/9): I hope-- this is going to sound mean-- but hopefully, she's getting x-rayed and just really getting used to the air conditioning there, and getting a fresh drink of water and saying, “I like this,” and don't come back.
49. Alicia (6/6): Kourtney, poor Kourtney. So uncoordinated. (chuckles) Obviously, she broke her wrist. But I'm going to definitely turn the tables around and let them know that Christina needs to go. It's guys versus girls, and she's playing that side and playing us at the same time. She's poison. So I'm going to call her out. I already know it. And I guess we'll have to see when we get there who’s going to be kicked out.
1. Kat (1/1): The guys said that they were taking care of our fire when we were gone, but mind you, I am the fire person and if they weren't there when I got back, I probably would have said, “I would have been able to get it”… (insect buzzes near her) Whoah. Wooh! Sorry. “I would”… (chuckles) “I would have been able to do it myself.”
2. Michael (1/3): Tonight a couple of the guys, uh, we all went over to the women's camp to see what went on with Tribal Council. Kourtney is the only one who went home. They didn't have to vote anybody off. So, they're all safe and it's kind of annoying.
3. Alicia (1/2): Tribal Council couldn't have gone any better than I planned. Um, thank you, Christina, for making yourself look crazy and telling me to shut up and, uh, for also lying.
4. Alicia (2/2): I mean, please, if I saw her swimming in an ocean and she was drowning I’d probably look the other way. (smirks) I have my five. Kim, Kat, Chelsea, Sabrina and myself so if it were up to me and everybody, we want her out. But we need to win challenges and Nina looks like a bag of rocks and I don't even know what that analogy means but she is not moving. (laughs)
5. Sabrina (1/7): Managing the airheads is going to be exhausting. But hopefully with this new leadership role, I can come in there and just be like shh.
6. Nina (1/5): I don't know what we're going to do. But at this point, it's definitely the five younger gals Kim, Chelsea, Kat, Sab and Alicia against Christina, Monica and I. And I've just been trying to find my place.
7. Nina (2/5): There's a definite immaturity factor on the part of some of these women. I mean, I like Kat, I think she's fun. But you know what? (sighs) I'm fifty-one years old and she's driving me nuts! She's driving me nuts. I just want her to shut up and work!
8. Nina (3/5): We went to Tree Mail and there was an enormous box. I was hoping it was food. (chuckles)
9. Nina (4/5): The timing couldn't have been better. We've got to get that tarp. We need it. So, you know, the pressure's on. Here's where we can shine. Let's get it done.
10. Jay (1/1): When the challenge starts, we wanted to get everything out of the box on the ground. As soon as that happens, everybody just started on the outside, worked their way in. We had to just untie continuously and then you finally get to the middle and there's a ring and you have to untie the ring.
11. Bill (1/1): Everybody was in a little bit of a frenzy because we had to govern ourselves. It's going to be raining here very soon so that tarp is the biggest benefit I think anyone can have.
12. Christina (1/1): I was so into the challenge, and that was our momentum and that was our speed, that got us a groove to pull all the ropes out. We have to win this.
13. Sabrina (2/7): We lost the damn challenge and that hurt my soul! We needed a tarp like a fat kid needs cake. We needed it. We wanted it. We were seconds away from winning so it wasn't a horrible loss but at the end of the day, it's a loss. No one ever remembers second place.
14. Michael (2/3): Today was-- we won. It was like it was game on and we-we all finished the challenge. I mean, we were-- we were the one that came out on top. We got that tarp which was like the icing on the cake. Our camp is gonna look great. The Manono tribe, we're going to have the-the best camp probably in history.
15. Michael (3/3): Colton today has done absolutely nothing. He's proved he's the worst person for our tribe. No firewood, no food, nothing with the shelter. He feels like this is a vacation. Colton is just here to hang out in the girl's camp.
16. Colton (1/4): I have nothing in common with the guys. We all have an extra appendage, that's the only thing I have in common with these people. But going over to the girls is kind of like, it's a release for me because it's like, God, at least I have people I can relate to and talk to and, you know, find common ground with. I love the girls more than anybody on this island.
17. Sabrina (3/7): Colton is like a virus. Like there seems to be not a cure for him just yet. Today I found myself, without even thinking, just entertaining him half the morning. And I'm just like, “What am i doing?!”
18. Colton (2/4): I relate more to, like, girls. And, like, I go over there and try to help them and they're like, “You know, you need to go.” And they want to have a girl meeting so I literally feel like I need to, like, find somewhere on the island and just build my own little hut and live there and just be my own little tribe. Like, the Colton tribe or something. All I know is Day 4, and I'm just… I guess I'm gonna have to keep digging deep and to go over there. I feel like in order for me to make a move, I honestly do believe I have to have some girls. That's… case in point.
19. Sabrina (4/7): Again, Colton has snaked his way back to our damn camp. I don't know if he has more estrogen in his body than testosterone but I swear, what a drama queen. We just don't need that energy. Like, “Go to your camp.”
20. Sabrina (5/7): I don't know if it's just Colton's, just like, fickle craziness, dramatic, and now he's crying. It's just the more he comes over, the more he starts becoming like a jerk by the minute.
21. Sabrina (6/7): If this is our tribe, and we have to start owning our tribe, owning our thoughts, owning our actions, and owning what the vision of what we want to look like later on down the road without having a guy who acts like a girl involved. I mean, if he's running the show and we lose this damn game, I'm just going to slit my wrists. I'm going to slit is my wrists.
22. Colton (3/4): Tarzan's, like, so crazy sometimes. It’s just, like, I would never talk to these people outside of this game but, I mean, in Survivor you have to do what you have to do. Like, I have a Hidden Immunity Idol and I can kind of regroup and use the Idol to my advantage.
23. Troyzan (1/1): Holy cow. I just found out some stuff tonight and it's like my heart is pounding and, uh, you know, I found out that-- I found out that Colton has an Idol and we-we've got to get rid of the muscle, meaning Mike and Matt.
24. Jonas (1/1): Colton reaches into his pack and he's got this freaking Idol. So Colton went from the first guy to get voted out to now the ringleader. And… I mean, I knew the kid was a freak of nature as far as, like, the kid is ridiculously smart.
25. Colton (4/4): I'm on board with the Troy, Leif, Jonas, and Tarzan which is, like, the most random group of people in the entire world. And until I can get with the girls, I have to associate myself with these misfits. They can call themselves the misfit alliance, I'll just be their king. I mean, this is my world. They should have called this “Survivor: Colton's World.”
26. Monica (1/2): Kat jumped in when she didn't even need to jump in-- not once, twice. I'm sad. I'm sad for women. This isn't the way women are and frankly I'm so embarrassed.
27. Sabrina (7/7): Kat, I really like her energy, but it needs to be channeled. We want to try to keep things controlled as much as possible-- at least I do if I'm being the leader-- and Kat is very young and emotional. There's nothing wrong with being emotional if you can control it but she can't control it at all and that's a liability. However, Nina is like the walking dead around here. She knows her head is on the chopping block.
28. Nina (5/5): We didn't lose, we got our ass kicked. It wasn't even close and everyone's like, “Oh, Kat, you did so good.” Kat, you jumped in the water twice, you dumb blond! Twice… okay? Inexcusable. Come on! Quit being such a dumb broad!
29. Monica (2/2): I'm so low on the totem pole, how do I possibly go to somebody in the five and say, “Would you guys be interested in getting rid of Kat?” I mean, that's a one-way ticket home. So I'm hoping that they'll open their eyes but who knows with this group. Who knows?
30. Chelsea (1/1): All eyes are on Kat right now. We're starting to look at the weaker players even if they're in our alliance. I'm one of the strongest people in the tribe, so if we decide to start picking off the weakest links, Kat will be our pick.
1. Chelsea (1/7): All eyes are on Kat right now. We're just starting to look at the weaker players, even if they're in our alliance. Our next move is just to try to stay as positive as possible. If we just get the smallest glimmer of hope, I think it’ll change the whole tribe. Just a little bit of confidence is all we need.
2. Sabrina (1/1): The men, they have a tarp. But we don't, and it was raining. And right now, I feel like our whole shelter is about to blow down.
3. Chelsea (2/7): We've been crapped on since we've been here. We got zero sleep last night. We stayed up the entire night. Froze, soaking wet. And we haven't had fire because it rained and put it out, so now we haven't eaten.
4. Kim (1/2): I was thankful last night that we stuck to our guns a little bit after Tribal and-and didn't run over and jumped in the men's shelter. But going over there this morning, I have no shame. (laughs) Like, I've never been so miserable. I couldn't get my tail over there to that fire fast enough. But I hope this is a temporary pit stop at the men's camp. I don't think any of the girls want to stand over there. It's uncomfortable mooching off of them. I mean, they're all like, “Excuse me. Move, move.”
5. Matt (1/4): I went out crab hunting this morning, and came back, and found six or eight of the girls in our-- in our shelter underneath our stuff, sitting on our beds, you know, soaking wet, you know, sitting by our fire. You know, I get it, they had a tough night. I think some of the guys are sensitive to that, but there's barely room for nine guys in that shelter and there's no extra room, and that means for the girls, those days are done.
6. Kat (1/1): We won our first challenge. It was absolutely amazing, definitely what we needed to pick up the tribe. We came back to this horrible weather. The plan for today is to get the fire going, fix our shelter, you know, keep everybody warm, because right now, you know, we're on the verge of, you know, a horrible storm right now.
7. Colton (1/3): Some of the guys are like, “We gotta stop giving them stuff and not getting anything in return,” which I do agree with. Like, I love some of those girls but if they are  not gonna give me anything, I’m sorry, like, I am not the type of person-- I am a republican, I am not a democrat. I do not believe in handouts.
8. Chelsea (3/7): It is raining really hard, and my hands are incredibly (shows hands to camera) waterlogged. Um, my feet are probably worse. I haven't looked at those yet. We're just miserable right now. Hopefully, the rain lets up a little bit.
9. Jonas (1/1): The girls are beyond a mess. They're like zombies, you know, like shivering. And I'm, like, “Let them tough it out.”
10. Bill (1/1): Oh, no boat? After everything that we've given to you, that's how it's going to be? So when you want fire, when you want shelter, you use your womanly charms to take care of those situations. But when we ask for a boat, you say no? One World is out the window.
11. Chelsea (4/7): This morning, the sun finally came up so we feel like we need to put our reward to use and learn to spearfish and get our confidence in that so we know we can go out and catch a fish if we're hungry.
12. Chelsea (5/7): It's a little surprising how things are kind of turning around. It feels awesome. All three of us went out and we all three caught a fish. They weren't very big but… we did it.
13. Kim (2/2): Things are starting to feel different. I actually feel like people get that they're here. I felt like before everybody was just like, “Where am I? (chuckles) What am I doing?”
14. Troyzan (1/3): I think the girls, you know, are feeling more confident. You know, they got their feet under ‘em. And it's going to change the way we feel, the guys feel. You know, we-we need to win again.
15. Matt (2/4): My mind was just blown. I couldn't believe we lost. But now that we've lost this challenge, I'm looking forward to doing this. I mean, I've spent 8 days out here kind of creating some power and I want to use it and I want to execute some of it tonight. That's what's gonna happen.
16. Chelsea (6/7): Today I was worried because it was a communication-type challenge, but we pulled through.
17. Chelsea (7/7): What's funny is that you could tell the boys thought they had it in the bag because they were so far ahead. And so now they're probably just all running around like chickens with their heads cut off, not knowing what to do.
18. Colton (2/3): I'm so excited to vote someone out. I dislike so many of these people. Like, Bill, screwed up in the challenge today. I'm sorry, you had a good, like, five to seven minute lead over those women, and you still lost. I can't deal with his: "Yo, bro. Like, bro. No, bro." Shut up. Like, go kill yourself. And all he's doing is digging himself a grave. Like, I don't want to talk to you. I don't like you, stay away from me. You're ghetto trash. Like, that's all you are. I can't-- I can’t stand him, ugh! And I want him gone… yesterday.
19. Troyzan (2/3): Right now, there’s clearly two sides in our tribe. There's Matt, and Mike, Jay, and Bill. And then there's me, and Jonas, Tarzan, Leif, and Colton. We've got the numbers, so the guys in the alliance basically are the ones who are picking who is going home. If it's going to be Matt, it's going to be Matt. If they switch it and say it's going to be Bill, it's going to be Bill. And really, the one who’s making the biggest suggestion is Colton.
20. Jay (1/1): If they have the numbers and I'm not a part of that, that just puts a target on my back, so I can either join them or be butting heads with them, so I basically had no options and said, you know, "Okay, I'll vote with you guys."
21. Matt (3/4): So I walked up intentionally on these guys having a conversation, clearly, right out front of me about strategy, and so I just wanted to go stick my head in it and shake it up. I don't like people talking like that when I'm not involved. So I got up there and it went quiet. I walked away, no problem. But what I did want to do is pull Troy aside afterwards. I think Troy and I spent the last week as the heads of two snakes that are battling each other. You're either with me and-and my guys or you're with Troy and the average joes. And I've decided that something had to be said.
22. Matt (4/4): The guys that are really in power around here are gonna vote for Colton and when we get back to camp everybody’s gonna realize that the average joes are not calling the shots. That in fact, things have changed around here and I'm still in the front of it.
23. Troyzan (3/3): Matt, basically, is a jerk. He calls the strongest guys the roosters. And all the time I’m agreeing with him, but in my mind, I’m like, “I’m never going to be with you.” It ain't Survivor unless you're lying!
24. Colton (3/3): Right now, the vote is between Bill and Matt. If I had my way, Bill would go just because he's annoying, and I hate him, and I hate his voice, and I can't stand to listen to him talk. And Matt, on the other hand, he’s like the head of the snake and you gotta chop off the head of the snake for the rest of it to stop… whatever-- wiggling. Either one makes me perfectly happy. Honestly, out of this tribe of nine, if I could get rid of, like, (scoffs) five people, it would be heaven.
1. Michael (1/2): Getting back from Tribal is a little upsetting because Matt went home tonight. These guys don't know what they're doing. Most of those guys are weak and they just want to keep the weak guys around. You have the old guy, you have the little guy, you have the gay guy who doesn't want to work. If they want to vote out the strong guys then they can continue to lose.
2. Tarzan (1/2): It was good for us that we had to go to Tribal Council because I truly felt the five of us were solid. The five are myself, and Troyzan, Jonas, Colton and Leif. We stand solid at the moment for at least the first round. Bill's very dangerous. He's capable of loosening the ties that bind us five with his charm, his beguiling character.
3. Monica (1/1): The women have had a huge turnaround. We won the last two challenges and we're not starving. I mean, really and truly between coconut, snails, and the rice, we really could probably go on for 31 more days. I mean, I could. It's mind over matter.
4. Chelsea (1/1): Isn't that funny? I just think it's hilarious that at the beginning it was us struggling and now the boys come by wanting everything that we win in challenges. It's just crazy how much the roles have reversed in 9 days.
5. Kim (1/2): I think Jonas is a real rude dude. I mean, he made the offer with the net and then kept saying, “I mean, I don't care. I don't care. I don't care,” but obviously he cares a lot.
6. Troyzan (1/1): The women, they're trying to be such hard-noses, I just don't get that. I don't know if their emotions are turning them whacky or what, but they're just emotional creatures and they just can't seem to think straight. It’s a free offer and they're doing nothing. They can suntan on the beach while we go fish and bring them half of the food. (chuckles) Like, “Hello? Is anybody home?”
7. Sabrina (1/3): It was so good to win the Reward Challenge. When we hit that last one you could just tell it sucked all the air out of them and I didn't care. Tarzan was over there, his crusty ass, talking about, “It's just luck, it's just luck,” and I’m like, “Luck these. Luck these.”
8. Bill (1/5): To be honest, we got our butts kicked. These women aren't slouches so we need to stop thinking about them as just some chicks over there because the momentum and (air quotes) “oh, we've won three, they've won three,” that's out the window, man!
9. Bill (2/5): Boys and girls, Bill Posley just got wowed. Turns out my name was way more on the chopping block than I thought it was at the last Tribal Council. This changes everything. Now I know that the gloves are off and it's anybody's game.
10. Michael (2/2): The misfits are running the show right now. I think there's a target on my back so I need to do something. And Colton and I were talking about Leif ‘cause I see Leif as working all sides here. So I brought Leif into the mix just to add one more cushion in front of me.
11. Colton (1/3): It's a tight race between Leif and Bill for who is the most wishy-washy player in this game. Bill's more sneaky, whereas Leif is more… stupid. He's turning into an annoying little Oompa Loompa.
12. Leif (1/1): Today I put the biggest, ultimate foot in my mouth and right now everybody has really lost trust in me. I really hope that I can somehow regain that because if not, I could possibly be going home.
13. Alicia (1/1): It seems like we have to do a puzzle, um, and right away, Kat says, “I don't want to be with you. You can't do no puzzles.” And right then and there, that just pissed me off and I had to check her.
14. Sabrina (2/3): Kat was just saying, “Look, I'm not the brightest star in the universe when it comes to puzzles,” and Alicia took it very personal causing controversy minutes before our challenge where we need to have our minds straight. You already know we're a hot mess anyhow when it comes to communication, but Alicia stuck a firecracker. That's just stuff we don't need right now.
15. Christina (1/1): Alicia's attitude after the challenge was repulsive. But that actually can be to my advantage ‘cause now all the girls are coming to think that it's time for Alicia to go and when there's a weak link, you've just gotta take it out.
16. Bill (3/5): That one we came through and we crushed it. We pulled out a win when we definitely needed it, man. And it may have saved my butt because I'm on the outs with the tribe, but now we're not going to Tribal and it's nice to see that little red devil back at camp.
17. Sabrina (3/3): When it comes to challenges, I'm used to people just like, you know, let's go to war. So Alicia laughing about the loss, that right there pissed me off. That's like salt in the wound today. Alicia is just dead weight with a mouth.
18. Kim (2/2): For sure I thought Christina was the locked-in vote to go. So the mood is weird now. Sabrina is trying to shake things up and that makes me a little nervous. I don't know. It's gonna be an interesting afternoon.
19. Bill (4/5): There's clearly friction between me and Colton, so I went to have a chat with him, man to man, and he decided he didn't want to talk about it. And nothing gets me more frustrated than when somebody does not want to talk.
20. Colton (2/3): I absolutely hate Bill. I hate his voice, I hate his jokes. He's not funny. Like, you know, “I'm a standup comedian.” Shut up, get a real job. You are disgusting. I hate him. I want his head on a platter. I want him gone.
21. Jonas (1/1): Here, we just won immunity and Colton's saying we should give it away. And I'm thinking, “What?!” I don't like that idea but at this point, Colton's calling the shots. So what am I going to say, “No?” If I do that, Colton might put a target on my back.
22. Tarzan (2/2): When a group of men get together and they make a pact, you betray them, that's a breach of faith. So we have to do something about this and we've got to do it tonight.
23. Jay (1/1): Tarzan gave this huge speech about how he's sending Leif home, but I thought Colton wanted to vote out Bill. So I'm like, “What in the world is going on?”
24. Kat (1/1): The Manono tribe has absolutely lost their marbles. They're not a tribe. They're not working together. Which is great because if they do this, it gives the Salani tribe that big boost that we needed.
25. Bill (5/5): Man, this game is crazy. But if I vote with the rest of the group to go to Tribal and vote Leif off while he's in hot water and people are angry, that serves my purpose immensely.
26. Colton (3/3): The guys are very confused right now, but I've always been able to get people to do what I want and I want Bill gone. I'm running this entire show right now. If you can't see that, you are Helen Keller.
1. Sabrina (1/2): We really should have six people on this tribe but we have seven. The guys are much more of a mess than what we thought, you know? But I'm not going to question their nonsense over there. I'm just happy we have seven and the girls are sticking together on this one.
2. Alicia (1/5): The guys messed up big time. If we come in strong seven we're going to blow them away. We're going to beat them today in our challenge. They are so dumb. They handed us a million dollars.
3. Sabrina (2/2): We went to the Reward Challenge today and when we picked the egg I said, “Lord, please let it be the same color as Kim.” That's what I wanted. I smashed it, it was blue, she was blue, Chelsea was blue. That's, like, our first three, you know, in our alliance. Then I saw Kat and I was just like, “Oh, my god!” Like, “Is this really real?!” I can't believe four girls within the five-girl alliance on the new tribe. Priceless.
4. Colton (1/7): When I cracked that egg and I saw orange and I looked around and Jay was covered in blue, and Troy was blue, and I looked over and Kim had blue, and Sabrina had blue, and I just thought… “Beep.”
5. Colton (2/7): Not only did I get on a tribe with people that I don't want to be on a tribe with, I got on a tribe with people who suck! We're not going to be able to compete with them in anything, you know? They're Greek gods. They're going to dominate us in challenges. They're eating peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. They're getting stronger than they already are.
6. Alicia (2/5): Oh, my God. We are going to be the laughing (laughs) stock. We are not going to win. I already know we're not going to win. Even if the girls didn't have the guys on their team at Salani, they'd still probably kick our butts. (chuckles) That's how sad that is.
7. Colton (3/7): Even though I can be a complete and total evil person, I know how to relate to people. I know how to charm people. I know how to tell them what they want to hear. I know how to get them on my side.
8. Colton (4/7): I'm just telling Christina what she wants to hear. You know, like, “Oh, I'm your best friend here, we have to trust each other,” but that's just so she'll give me information. I want everybody to trust me so they'll give me information.
9. Monica (1/2): Colton joined us and I felt like, “Okay, there's some power in numbers, but I'm not sure. I hope you're still with us. I hope you're not the puppet master, master manipulator and that you really and truly aren't with the guys and us girls are going down one, two, three.” And I feel like I'm the strongest of the three girls, which would mean it would be me first.
10. Troyzan (1/1): Today has been just fantastic. It reminded me back in 1979 when I played cornerback for the Central Valley Bears. I’m like, you know, “Okay. Go-- which way is he going?,” you know? Boom! I mean, it was just total instinct. I mean, it was it. Game over. Sorry, chicken, you lose. (chuckles) We caught a rooster today. Mike and Chelsea got four huge crabs. It's like the gods said, "Come together and I will provide you with what you want." It's been wild!
11. Jay (1/1): I think it's Salani versus Manono right now. I don't think it's men versus women. And if it was, we would be on the outs ‘cause we're down a man as far as our tribe goes. They have one more girl. I don't mind at all working with these women. UH, you know, I think I can trust them. I want to get to know them better and, uh, see where their heads’ at.
12. Kim (1/4): This has been my thing all along. I'm trying to keep my options open so if sticking with the girls works best for me in the long run, I'll stick with the girls. And if we get to the merge and we don't have the numbers, Troy and Jay are my alliance all the way. I can't get over how this could not have gone any better for me and how much fun I'm having doing this. I thought it was going to be really hard and it was going to be a grind, and I know it’ll have its moments, but this is not one of ‘em. This is a good time.
13. Alicia (3/5): I don't consider Colton as a guy, so I feel like we have four women against three guys. But Colton's crazy. He really wants Christina out, but I need to keep my women here and get rid of the guys so that when we merge I'm still there, or at least keep my name out of the mix. And if we have to get rid of some girls, it’ll be Christina or Monica, definitely not me.
14. Jonas (1/3): While we're working, busting our ass building the shelter, Colton is doing the same thing! He's just sitting on his ass talking to Alicia. I'm like, “What is going on? How… how does he get away with this?” I-- it-it just-- it's just-- I never thought to play that game… but it's brilliant. Half of me believes him, half of me is like, yeah, he’s-he’s-he’s like, "I'm such a girl!" Like, “What is that?!” It's kind of like Colton's just running the show on both sides with the women and the men, but it’d be ridiculous for me not to think that he's aligning with the women right now.
15. Kim (2/4): Sabrina finds the Immunity Idol but it's not for our tribe. It’s-- she gets to play it for one of the guys. Nobody really had the girls' idol and something snapped for me and I thought, “I'm literally gonna get up and go find this right now. It's out here somewhere.” I walked all around the guy's side, looked at every tree, nothing, nothing, nothing. I was getting really discouraged and said, “Lord, please!” (chuckles)
16. Kim (3/4): I just found the Immunity Idol. It's really, really good. It feels amazing. It was honestly shocking ‘cause I've looked so hard. So I had to literally reach in there and feel it. Maybe one of the best feelings I’ve had since I got here.
17. Kim (4/4): As soon as I found the idol, I've kind of been thinking all along I might just keep it to myself, but as I was trying to grab it and get it I thought, you know, “There's no one I trust in this game more than Chelsea. If I'm gonna do this with anyone, it’s gonna be with her,” so I decided to let her in on it.
18. Colton (5/7): These people suck at Survivor. I mean, let's just be honest, they suck at Survivor. I think we're gonna lose the Immunity Challenges, regardless. I don't think we have a chance in hell of winning. I think Monica and Christina are both on the outs, but, um, Monica has way more power than Christina. Christina has no friends on that other tribe and when we merge, if Monica's at that merge, it's gonna be bad. If Christina's there, it's not a big deal. She's gonna be easy to get rid of.
19. Colton (6/7): I just had to convince Alicia I have her back. I convinced her, I was like, “Look, I'll take care of you. We just have to take out Monica and Christina.” I've been getting rid of the head of the snake this entire game: Matt, Bill, now monica. So, I think it's pretty brilliant.
20. Alicia (4/5): Today you will see an Oscar performance from Colton and I for the best blindside ever played. Monica is going home tonight.
21. Alicia (5/5): And I'm sure she thinks she's in a safe spot because she did score us a basket, but she's going home.
22. Jonas (2/3): If following Colton means voting out somebody else and getting me one step further to the million, awesome. I could be Colton's bitch, I'll be whatever you want me to be, but just don't vote me off. (laughs)
23. Christina (1/1): I wanted to say it, and when Alicia said it, I was like, “Cool, that's exactly what I was thinking.” And Tarzan at the challenge today, looked like watching a wounded hippo trying to walk over to the water, so I think it comes to a unanimous decision that he just needs to go.
24. Monica (2/2): The guys have lost sight on the numbers game. I mean, it's Tarzan tonight. I mean, in my mind, I'm thinking that's a huge win for the women that the men are on board to take out one of the men.
25. Jonas (3/3): In a weird way, that whole event that happened with Leif telling Bill that he was going home, that sort of tipped me off to being a little leery of Leif and not to trust him so much. So Leif is definitely a wild card and he did do some pretty crazy things. And with four guys and three girls, anybody could flip on the guy's side and just, you know, make it the girls game now.
26. Colton (7/7): I went and told Leif and Tarzan basically, like, “This is the deal. We're voting out Monica.” But Tarzan is almost like having a grandfather with Alzheimer's and you have to tell him something eighty-seven times. Like, you just have to keep repeating it, repeating it, repeating it, repeating it because he forgets it. I really have to make sure before we go to Tribal Council he knows who to write down or he could write down Jenny, for all we know. If I were working with, like, somewhat intelligent people who, you know, could kind of help me out and, like, I didn't have to make all of the decisions it would be so easy. But literally, it's really hard being the leader of a bunch of idiots. It's so difficult.
1. Alicia (1/6): Our first Tribal Council with the new tribe couldn't have gone any better. We got Monica out. Originally, I had an alliance with the girls, but realized there's no point in keeping them anyway. They were gonna go once we merged. So I’d rather just stick with all the guys.
2. Colton (1/6): I don't really care if Christina knows she's going home next. There's nothing that can save her. She doesn't have an idol and she's got five people gunning for her. The more defeated she is, the easier she will be to get rid of. And at this point, I still have my idol so I'm gonna run this game until I'm all the way at the final three.
3. Christina (1/4): I think Alicia is generally not a good person. She has a lack of integrity, and Colton is a jerk, and I'm going to let other people see that. All gloves are off and I'm ready to fight, and I'm going to fight hard.
4. Kat (1/2): I had a dream that I was in the mall shopping for clothes, and, uh, Alicia killed me in my dream. Maybe that's a sign. Maybe it's not. I don't know, but I really hope she doesn't kill me so that was very scary for me.
5. Troyzan (1/2): When we got Tree Mail today for something sweet. So this could be chocolate cake, it could be chocolate-- it could be a banana split. I don't know, but we're confident.
6. Troyzan (2/2): You know, the other team is just a bunch of misfits. They're a goofy, goony clan. I mean, you know, I'm trying to play it down a little bit, but we're kicking their ass. I mean… bottom line.
7. Sabrina (1/2): Monica was voted out and that just goes to show they're going to pick the girls off one by one by one on the other tribe. By the time we get to the merge, we're going to be in the minority, so we're kind of fighting an uphill battle.
8. Colton (2/6): Christina, you know, she was just kind of like gradually going through the challenge, and that kind of like-- it ticked me off. You know, I'm just so ready for Christina to be gone. You can quit or you can wait and go home in two days, or you can jump in the fire and be medevaced, whichever is more convenient for you. But she just-- she drives me insane. I hate her voice, I hate her face. I hate everything about her.
9. Jay (1/1): We show up at this little ice cream shack right on the beach and you know it's all you can eat. You've got all kinds of flavors. You can get all the toppings you want. We know we're just going to be a bunch of gluttons running around.
10. Kim (1/2): So we come walking up the beach, we see the ice cream parlor, and honestly, I just… (chuckles) it’s unbelie-- it feels so surreal. Like, it’s so exciting to eat something besides rice and coconut. It's awesome.
11. Sabrina (2/2): Just to get away from the camp, you know, just to the break the monotony of everyday, you know, getting wood, and fire, and water, and all that crap. It just reenergized us. So we know what winning feels like and the reward feels like, we want to keep doing it.
12. Christina (2/4): Right now, no one likes me. I'm the cockroach of Survivor. But my parents didn't raise me to be a quitter, so I'm not gonna quit.
13. Jonas (1/4): Colton and Alicia are kind of interesting in the sense that they have to, like, get personal and be like, "Nobody likes you," you know what I mean? It's like, it’s not enough that they have the power to vote them off. They kind of just want to get, like, one last twist of the knife in and just like, unh!
14. Jonas (2/4): It's possible what Christina is saying is really true because I don't have a whole lot of detail on Alicia. That's-that’s my issue. I don't-- I don't know her status with the women on the other side which is a huge red flag.
15. Alicia (2/6): Christina is for once telling a partial truth. I do have an alliance with the girls, which Jonas doesn't need to know. So, yeah, I'm gonna give her a hard time. It's just too much paranoia for me and I can't handle that. I need to be in control so that's why she's going.
16. Colton (3/6): I was sleeping, and I woke up and I just felt like literally, it felt like my brain had, like, attached to my skull. Like, I thought my brain was swollen. And then I got this pain and it literally feels like somebody’s got a knife, like, cutting from my, like, bellybutton over to my right side.
17. Christina (3/4): Colton has a tension headache, and his stomach hurts, and if someone is sick and needs help, I'm going to be there for them, you know? I think this is actually coming to my advantage, too, uh, as far as strategy goes ‘cause Colton will realize that I am actually a good person and I'm not this bad person that Alicia portrays me to be.
18. Colton (4/6): I literally thought I was about to die. Christina just kind of stepped in and took on this motherly role and just basically, like, trying, you know, massage out whatever was going on. And of course Christina's going to do that because she's trying to save herself. She will literally do whatever she has to, to stay in the game.
19. Tarzan (1/1): Colton told us that he was dehydrated, he had abdominal pain, and that he had a headache. I sensed something was wrong and I know the signs of, you know, appendicitis, and gallbladder, and bowel obstruction. I know all those signs and symptoms. You have to assume that it's probably, uh, an early appendicitis or maybe even a more advanced appendicitis. Although it could be something totally benign… gas in the cecum, for instance.
20. Colton (5/6): I'm actually severely dehydrated. Like, my pee is brown and, you now, I'm dizzy, and I don't know. I don't know if I'm to the point where I'm so far gone that there's no coming back or what's going on.
21. Colton (6/6): So I walked off ‘cause I thought I may have to go to the bathroom, you know, I can't hold anything down. I don't know. I don't know what it is. Like, it's just been like this intense pain, and it literally feels like somebody's got a knife in my side. I mean, that's the only way I know how to describe it, is just like a knife.
22. Christina (4/4): I see Colton on the ground, and I am freaking out, thinking, “Oh,my God. This is worse than what I really thought it was.” Um, I knew he was in pain, but I didn't know how much in severe pain he was. And seeing him on the ground crying was, uh, was an indicator to me that he needs medical need, immediately.
23. Alicia (3/6): Colton and I have always talked strategy, like, 24/7. That's all we ever talked about. We planned, and we planned, and we planned. And if Colton is out of the game, I don't know about everybody else, but that puts me in a really bad spot. I mean, call me a bad person, but all I kept thinking was strategy the whole time.
24. Alicia (4/6): You know what? Colton is a spoiled brat. He's going to keep the Immunity Idol for a souvenir, even though he knows he screwed me, like, the biggest. I voted off Monica. If Monica was here, the girls would have had the numbers, and I wouldn't be in this position. So, you know what? Screw him.
25. Jonas (3/4): The original plan, when Colton was here, was to get rid of Christina first. But I feel like now that I have a little more power in the game, it would be wiser for me to vote off Alicia, ‘cause Alicia's got more ties with the girls. It-it's very dangerous to have Alicia in the game. So Colton leaving is a huge game changer. I do believe that if there was a karma, Colton got some karma right back at him. (chuckles)
26. Kat (2/2): Tree Mail said that both tribes are going to Tribal Council, and I don't have any fingernails (shows nails to camera) right now. Like, all the dirt is in my mouth and it was nutritious, but it was disgusting. I'm really nervous about it.
27. Kim (2/2): There's a lot of speculation. Our tribe likes to run on and and, like, develop these fantasy themes about what all's going to happen. I have no idea. And I guess I’m just gonna go and take my idol in my back pocket just in case.
28. Alicia (5/6): We still have to go to Tribal? I really think we're just gonna talk about Colton and that's it. However, just in case we need to vote someone out, I might be the first to go.
29. Jonas (4/4): The plan as it stands right now: Christina, myself, Leif, are planning on voting off Alicia. But the thing is, is Tarzan is not on board with that plan, but I don't really care because I'm ready to take the bull by the horns and make myself the ring leader. (chuckles)
30. Leif (1/1): I'm definitely stuck in between two hard places. On one side, Tarzan wants to vote off Christine, uh, but on the other side, Jonas wants to vote Alicia off. So I'm just really stuck right now.
31. Alicia (6/6): I'm kind of pissed about the whole idol thing. Colton should have given it to somebody. I was hoping that he was gonna give it to me, um, being that now I'm stuck with Christina and the guys. Lord knows , I need it.
1. Troyzan (1/5): This really seems like Survivor to me now. It's a merge. It's me against eleven people and that's what I wanted. That's what I've been waiting for so bring it on.
2. Alicia (1/1): I knew the merge was coming, I just didn’t know it was gonna be tonight. I'm sure, at this point, Christina might actually think she's still in the game much longer. I mean, it's crazy right now, you know? That should have been Christina going home and not Colton. By Colton leaving, he screwed me over, especially the fact that he didn't give me his Immunity Idol so I have to start all over again. Maybe I'll go back to my home girls and continue the girl-power run and really wipe the guys out. The backstabbing is going to begin.
3. Jonas (1/4): Today for breakfast, we have a, uh, young coconut lightly caramelized. And at the end, we're going to hit it with a little bit of sea water. So we’re basically, we're trying to manipulate the flavor of the coconut into the flavor of a potato chip.
4. Jay (1/1): Nobody expected a twelve-man merge. It was like, “Oh, here we are again. (air quotes) One big happy family all together.” And, uh, first thing I'm thinking is, “Oh, man, I have to live with Tarzan again.” You know, all these people you don't want to live with anymore and now they're back in the same tribe and it's just like, “Oh!” Even though it is a one-man game right now, I think Salani's people are viewing this as a chance to vote everybody else out on the old Manono tribe because we have the numbers.
5. Tarzan (1/3): I was hoping that the guys would be solid against the girls, but now this morning, I fret it ain't so.
6. Michael (1/2): We're one tribe now, there's been a huge merge. The Manono tribe, they’re outnumbered by two. Tarzan, he is trying to get the guys to stick together. He feels that if the guys stick together and use Alicia, that the guys will, you know, be there at the end.
7. Michael (2/2): I don't trust any of those guys and I don’t like any of those guys. So, you know, I told Tarzan I'm in but I'm not in with Tarzan. Tarzan drives me crazy.
8. Sabrina (1/1): The challenge we had to do today was a doozy. It was a nail-biter then, but at the very end we won. I know good pizza, I've been living in New York for ten years. Anything other than this dry-ass rice we're eating out here and a chicken we catch every blue moon, it's great so pizza was priceless.
9. Chelsea (1/4): It makes me nervous that the idol is still out there. My biggest concern is for someone on the Manono tribe to find the idol going into the next vote and messing up our numbers ‘cause we can't have a Salani go home.
10. Jonas (2/4): Apparently, the bright Tarzan, he goes and has a secret meeting with Mike and tells him this plan… which I'm not even aware of. What the hell is…? I mean, the guy makes zero sense. He's a loose cannon and he just does whatever the hell he wants. We can't have that.
11. Tarzan (2/3): I do not like Jonas. I do not like that guy anymore! When I say something I mean it from my heart and I don't go back on it.
12. Troyzan (2/5): Everyone always sleeps in and I’m up like at four in the morning. So I'm going to start looking for the idol. No, I gotta find that Immunity Idol and I gotta find it now. These knuckleheads aren't going to be awake for another hour.
13. Troyzan (3/5): Early bird gets the idol and gets the power. I always had my eye on these two big trees close to the beach and I hit the jackpot. To find the Hidden Immunity Idol, that's like winning the gold medal. God, I want to, like, wear it. (puts idol around neck) Troyzan is safe! That’s-that’s-that’s-- this could be a million dollars. This is crazy to think about it.
14. Troyzan (4/5): This is like Survivor to the ultimate. I mean, I won an immunity today, I have an Immunity Idol. It’s just like, I've got a group that I feel solid, you know, my old Salani who basically have been pretty straightforward with me, and so whatever they decide to do I’m gonna-- that's what I'm going to do.
15. Chelsea (2/4): I mean, it's guys versus girls, but the way I see it is we keep it Salani versus Manono. We should take out Manono's strongest people first. I think Jonas is their strongest player right now, which I hate because he's a great cook, great positive attitude, fun to be around. But Jonas I'm thinking, is going to be the next to go.
16. Kim (1/1): For tonight's vote we want to vote Jonas out since he's the biggest threat and we want to keep Christina and Alicia around just in case we wind up needing a girl's alliance. To get a guy out and particularly one of the new Manono tribe members, it leaves the girls in the majority, it leaves my old Salani tribe in the majority, and gives me two really great options moving forward.
17. Troyzan (5/5): A lot of people have been talking about, you know, Jonas just because they think they feel he's a big threat and he's the smartest of the guys and I was like, “Geez, you guys. Are you guys kidding me?” Like, “We're just gonna let this guy go?” I mean, he feeds us, he provides for us. Like, “Why? Why now?”
18. Jonas (3/4): When you hear your name has come up, you immediately think, “Oh, crap, I'm going home.” It makes no logical sense to me, strategically, to vote me out. I mean, I'm, like, the least threatening guy here. There's Mike, who's the most dominant person as far as Immunity Challenges, so they want to keep him around over me, and so immediately I go into survival mode.
19. Tarzan (3/3): Jonas and I, admittedly, are a bad marriage but strangely we respect each other. I was so struck by the personality it took for him to do that, that it-it brought me to mild tears. Since he's done that, I respect him even more so we're back together again, and that made me feel really remarkable.
20. Jonas (4/4): So we're voting for Kat kind of as a last-minute scramble. I'd rather vote Mike out instead but we figured, you know, Kat, she doesn't pull her weight a whole lot, she kind of annoys a lot of people. So that's my only hope at this point, is I'm voting Kat.
21. Chelsea (3/4): After we have talked about who we thought should go home next, all I wanted to do was get a good batch of laundry done, get all my stuff clean. So I put it all in the the salt water first, scrubbed it really good with sand. I mean, I was like, I was going to have some clean clothes.
22. Chelsea (4/4): If it were up to me, Tarzan would go home ‘cause I'm all about who deserves to be here? Who has a positive attitude? Who brings everyone up when everyone's down? Who's just a good person to be around? Tarzan doesn't fill any of those empty lines.
1. Troyzan (1/3): We started out men versus women, but when they did the old tribe switch, me, Jay, and Mike made down this pact to stick with the Salani group, which was Chelsea, Kim, Kat and Sabrina. I just hope we didn't make a mistake.
2. Jay (1/4): So I'm really scared at this point about the girls being together because they could very easily hook up and they could do damage. And honestly, I don't wanna be overpowered by these girls.
3. Sabrina (1/1): I probably wouldn't even breathe if I had a 7Up, it’d just be down in one gulp. So I'm excited. For me, this is, like, a necessity.
4. Leif (1/1): When we first got to this amazing, beautiful 7Up oasis, it was just shocking to see how, seriously, a resort.
5. Christina (1/1): There was, like, potato salad, potato chips, pretzels, coleslaw. I would have been just been happy if it was just plain steaks, hamburger and hot dogs and two pies but, hey, the more the merrier. It was amazing.
6. Kim (1/6): The food is huge. I mean, I never dreamt I would feel so weak, so just to be able to think through my options and sit up and, like, have my mind work, feels awesome.
7. Kim (2/6): I was trying to think through my options, and I thought what makes sense is to take out Mike. The girls are already in the majority, so if we can get a united front and come together, we could start sending these guys home. I'm gonna have to be careful, but if all six girls vote together and just go for it, we can change the whole game.
8. Jay (2/4): I don't trust these girls. They want to send Mike home but I'm gonna put that on the back burner for right now. There’s just too many girls that could hook up and start knocking out all these guys. They’re already one up on us. I’m gonna talk with my whole alliance multiple times. You know, it’s almost like a-a teacher just keeps smacking the student make sure they're doing the same thing, making sure they're on the same page here.
9. Troyzan (2/3): I was nervous before the six other guys came back. What are they talking about when they're on reward? You know, are they talking amongst each other or do they have, like, a new plan? And now that we're back together, I really have to keep an eye on those girls. Kat made a suggestion that Mike may be the next to go. So I have to make sure that Sabrina, Kim, and Chelsea, want to stick with the Salani group to the very end.
10. Michael (1/2): This is miserable. Last night, it was raining and windy and the wall got blown off our shelter. Everything's wet. It's just a big trainwreck. So we have to build our shelter up before tonight.
11. Chelsea (1/3): The wind has never been this bad, and Tarzan took off part of our bamboo wall to cut for firewood when there's a whole stack of firewood for the fire.
12. Tarzan (1/1): When you're around somebody you sense whether you're an irritant to them and it seems Chelsea's been sort of, uh, subliminally harassing me. And I'm just a person who if I believe I've been unfairly maligned, I can't just take it. I have to say something. And I think I know why she's been unhappy with me.
13. Chelsea (2/3): Tarzan took me off to the side and asked me if I didn't like him because I had a bad experience with my plastic surgeon. I mean, is this guy for real?! I can't believe he's talking about my boob job. He's just-- he's crazy. It was just so annoying. To me, it's, like, get Tarzan out as fast as possible. But it's a game where you have to think with your head.
14. Chelsea (3/3): As much as I can't stand Tarzan, I think at this point it's all about taking stronger people out who could possibly be a threat. And Tarzan's not a threat at all. So I hate to say it but I'm thinking that he needs to stick around a little longer.
15. Kim (3/6): Troyzan and I went this morning in the rain to get Tree Mail and I told him this whole story about, “Hey, yesterday, Mike was kind of throwing your name out there. I think we need to take Mike out first and then we'll take out the the girls.”
16. Troyzan (3/3): This morning, I hear that Mike wants to (expletive censor) take me out of the (expletive censor) game, and that pisses me off. He doesn't do jack squat! He's just an idiot. I-- that guy irks me, man, and I’m sick of him. Mike, I've been worried about since Day 1, and if Mike wants to freaking vote me out, he's got another thing coming. That guy should have been gone on Day 1.
17. Jay (3/4): Tonight, I have the Immunity Necklace around my neck, so I feel safe. And I definitely think that since we knocked Jonas off last time, you know, I think it's just a safe vote to knock out a girl. So, I’m gonna send Christina home. That keeps the old Salani members going strong, and sends an old Manono member home, as well as evens out the guys versus the girls.
18. Kim (4/6): Right now, I'm straddling two alliances. I have an all-women’s alliance and I have my Salani alliance with Troy, Jay, and Mike. But now I feel like it's time for the girls to take over this game. I know that Chelsea and the girls will be on board with that, and Troy he's blinded by his dislike of Mike. So I'm using Troy to send Mike home tonight. My concern is if Jay finds out what's really going on because if Jay gets suspicious and gets to Troy and Troy gets nervous, that could be trouble because I still have to keep my options open, and who knows? I may need those guys for another vote or two.
19. Jay (4/4): I was sitting in the shelter and Chelsea looked at me and asked did I want to send Mike home, and it just really shocked me that she would say that in front of Alicia and Christina because they’re Manono tribe members. And I’m just like, “You're supposed to be part of my alliance and you're talking like this in front of these other two people.” I don't like that plan but I need to be careful with these girls because if I don't go along with them and they vote out Mike, they very well might come after me.
20. Kim (5/6): Apparently, Chelsea literally sat there in the shelter in front of the two girls that are not supposed to be a part of our alliance and asked Jay to vote for Mike. That's asinine. We need to keep Troy and Jay thinking it's Salani to the end and now it's kind of become a huge mess. So I'm not exactly sure how this is about to go down.
21. Michael (2/2): Jay, you know, he's really nervous, but my alliance is sticking together and for every person that's not in an alliance it's your turn to go. Kim wants Christina so I’d like it to be a blindside, that’s always kind of fun, because there's no scrambling. Everybody can just relax and go to Tribal. As long as it doesn't happen to you, you know, then-then you're okay. But, I mean, I could say that now and have my tribe blindside me but I just don’t see that happening.
22. Kim (6/6): I'm torn over what to do because it's a huge move to take out the guys in our alliance, and, unfortunately, Jay freaked out. So are we gonna, like, cause a major uproar, go with the women's alliance, and vote off Mike? Or do we vote off Christina, keep Salani together? So we're gonna have to make a choice and go with it. But whatever happens, is gonna change the whole game.
1. Troyzan (1/7): Mike, I'm glad he's gone. He was gunning for me from Day 1, and I got sick of him. So, for me to have Mike gone, that's fine. But it is six girls and, you know, they could very well say, “Listen, let's get rid of Troy and Jay ‘cause they've won the last two immunities, and they're strong, and they're going to get votes, and everything else.” So, yeah, part of me is like, “Geez, are they really telling me the truth?”
2. Troyzan (2/7): Yeah, I’m a little-- I'm a little nervous but I still have a-a Hidden Immunity Idol which I'm banking on if I see something fishy going on with Kim and Chelsea, you know? I-- so I don't-- I don’t want to be blindsided going out of here. So if they pull that, they're going to get the full on switcheroo.
3. Kat (1/2): The whole tribe went to Tree Mail and we saw, like, this big pole, we saw some, like, balls with string, and we were, like, "Oh, cool, so we're going to have a challenge here on the island," which is great, which means that we don't have to go anywhere, try to walk fifty miles somewhere.
4. Tarzan (1/2): It was basically a game that involved a numbering system of pegs that went from one to five points and the way you achieve points was to throw a bolas hoping to get the highest numbers if it wrapped around one of the pegs.
5. Alicia (1/2): So we randomly drew rocks and on my team was Troy, Jay, Tarzan, Kat, and myself. And then the other team were all the girls, and Leif left over.
6. Sabrina (1/3): I love Troy like cooked food but he is nobody's host at all. I think he just nominated himself or someone said it and no one else objected. So…
7. Sabrina (2/3): I'm the last person to go in the game. The highest you can score on the board is a five so I have to get a five in order to tie it. I really don't want to let my team down. And I'm not doubting myself but just like, “Lord, really?”
8. Troyzan (3/7): I was, like, yeah, just get away from, like, the game, go to some island with the greatest coconut rum drink I've ever had in my life. Oh, so we-we were excited.
9. Troyzan (4/7): We land… in the middle of the South Pacific. If we could stay here a night… I'd be golden.
10. Tarzan (2/2): So I can't wait to eat something. It looks like decent fish. I'm salivating right now as I'm standing here ‘cause I haven't had any protein for 23 days. Some beautiful crabs, color-wise and architecturally. Now he's cooking the fish.
11. Jay (1/6): Me and Kat were talking and I wanted to, you know, make sure she's on the same page with me because, you know, at this point it's hard to trust anybody. Uh, and if somebody has numbers on you, it's definitely hard to trust them.
12. Jay (2/6): I'm a little suspicious that the girls are playing tricks with us. There's definitely going to be some blindsides coming up. I just hope it's not me.
13. Kim (1/5): It's definitely a win-win to have another guy gone and know the women are in the majority and, you know, Mike's gone. So my hope all along has been that everybody will think I'm just kind of calm, and soft spoken, and maybe a little forgettable, and not calling the shots. But I do think, at the end of the game, if I can sit there with the three, I do think the people on the jury will know that I was making most of these decisions.
14. Chelsea (1/3): The girls had a discussion on the boat this morning and said whoever doesn't win immunity, either Troy or Jay, either one of them has to go home next, which is killing me right now because I've looked Troy and Jay in the eyes and said, "You can trust me a 100%." And looking them in the eyes and telling them they can trust me and then betraying them, that is just not… that's not me at all.
15. Alicia (2/2): Like, Chelsea got all sensitive. You know, that really pissed me off. No one told you to mix with the boys anyways. Like, we were fine without them and then you go off and promise them that you're going to carry them to the top? Please!
16. Sabrina (3/3): Let's take it way back to Day 1. We formed this alliance. This is what we're going to stick with. You know, we want to go to the end. Going to the end requires some big-girl decisions. You've got to put on your big-girl panties and make a big-girl decision. You knew it was going to have to come to this.
17. Jay (3/6): As far as I'm concerned, Alicia needs to go before Christina. Alicia's more kind of two-sided working with the guys and girls, so to me, she's more of a threat. She's, uh, real tight with Kat. I don't trust that.
18. Jay (4/6): Uh, me and Troy are good. You know, we're still thinking that me and him are going to work together for a real long time. He thinks that I'm comfortable sitting in the end with him. I'm going to let him keep thinking that. But, uh, you know, he's dangerous and you don't want to sit in the end with him ‘cause, uh, everybody likes him, he seems like he can tell a story better than anybody. But Kim and Chelsea, you know, those are my final two girls I'm trying to work with. So you have to trust them a little bit, but at the same time you get-- you've still got to keep ‘em just as close as the enemy around here.
19. Kat (2/2): I really, really do appreciate Jay and I really do like him a lot, but I can't think with my heart and neither can Chelsea, neither can Sabrina, and neither can Kim. We can’t. We have to think with our mind, and strategically, that's how people win this game.
20. Chelsea (2/3): It just sucks. I really made some close relationships with the guys and Jay's one of those people that's very hard to look him in the eye and lie to him. Fortunately, there's, like, four girls standing there and I didn't really have to look at him in his eye and say, "I promise this is what's going to happen." But I just hate to be that deceitful. I don't know. I don't know if I can do this.
21. Kim (2/5): Jay told us all that he thought Alicia should go home tonight and we all just nodded and agreed and said yes, but that's definitely not happening. I'm ready to draw the line. Like, it's been muddy for long enough and I feel like it's time for the guys to know where the women stand.
22. Troyzan (5/7): Kim and Alicia were on the beach washing bowls. What's going on? What's-- what are they talking about? I mean, if the girls were smart-- they got six of them, and, you know, it wouldn't be that hard just to knock off me or Jay. It wouldn't be that hard.
23. Jay (5/6): Troy's just concerned that the women have the numbers. They're going to try to blindside him. But, uh, we had a little pow wow, we're going to vote Alicia out as our first choice. I trust my two girls. And, uh, right now he just needs to calm down.
24. Troyzan (6/7): Jay seems to think like, “No, no, I think everything's fine. I think they want Alicia. I really trust them. I think it's okay.” But I don't feel the same way. So I feel like I-- I feel like I really have to win.
25. Kim (3/5): Today's Immunity Challenge could not have gone better for me. It was awesome. I got to eat cupcakes and have milk and not put myself out there as a huge threat, which I was kind of starting to feel a little nervous about. Like, I'm glad for Chelsea to take that role today.
26. Chelsea (3/3): I was still wanting to go a little further with Jay and Troy, but I'm realizing now that that would be an idiot move. So to turn this quick on ‘em, I hate to be that person, but I love money so… (laughs) Troy right now is our biggest threat because he wants to win this game so bad, I think more than anyone here. Jay, on the other hand, gave up for food. He thinks he's safe. Troy didn't give up for food so I think right now he's the smartest person to take out.
27. Kim (4/5): The split vote plan, always risky, makes me nervous. I'd sure rather know that everyone's voting for Troy, but there's always that chance that Troy’s gonna pull out an Immunity Idol. He's a very strategic player. I feel like he’s thinking a lot and he's going to do absolutely everything he can to stay in this game and he still has some options today. I feel like people like Christina, and Tarzan, and Leif are just kind of hanging on at this point, riding this thing out so Christina, Alicia, and Tarzan will vote for Jay… and Leif, myself, Chelsea, Sabrina and Kat will vote for Troy.
28. Troyzan (7/7): Kim just kind of, like, kept going like, "Don't worry, don’t worry." Almost like, too much. I don't know, it just seems a little fishy. Like, if she wanted to get me out, she'd want to be extra sure that I felt like I was safe. So it sounded like that a little bit. It just doesn't sound right. Like, "You're safe, you're safe, you’re safe." You only have to say it once.
29. Jay (6/6): That's news to me that Troy has an idol. I love the guy to death, he's like my big brother but, uh, he's dangerous. Troy wants me to vote for Kim. I'm not voting, uh, Kim out because that's my final three. I knew it was going to hit the fan. I didn't think it would be tonight.
30. Kim (5/5): Jay just put the fear of God in me. Troy does have an idol. He's planning to play it and he’s planning to send me home and I don't have time before Tribal Council comes to get to everyone. So hopefully, we have enough people on board that do enough of the right thing that the right person will go home tonight.
1. Troyzan (1/14): Tribal Council was the biggest disappointment so far. Jay got voted out, so I'm basically next in line, probably.
2. Alicia (1/2): Troy is definitely digging himself in a bigger hole. He's attacking everybody else and then trying to get-- cop an attitude with me. I don't feel like he should be upset with me. I didn't vote for him.
3. Troyzan (2/14): I'm totally pissed off. I feel like I'm completely alone now. Well, when I get pissed off, I get fired up. I’m like, “Now I'm going to win every damn immunity.” I could give a crap about those people. This is no team anymore. I'm no team player. This is-- this is just Troyzan versus everybody else. That's the way I feel.
4. Troyzan (3/14): This is how ridiculous these people are. They somehow think I'm supposed to come back to camp, "Oh, it's just a game. Hey, we're just having fun here." And so I'm like, “What are you kidding me right now?” Like, I have the right to be angry.
5. Troyzan (4/14): These girls are kind of acting like what a lot of women act like in real life: they get their house, they get their food, they get all their stuff. Then as soon as they feel satisfied, they go, “Guess what? We don't need you no more. You're done. We're done with the guy.”
6. Troyzan (5/14): We go to Tree Mail and it's an auction. Well, they're all talking about, “Oh, it's food.” I don't care about food. If I get to the auction and Jeff says, “Listen, here's a note that can help you further in the game,” I'm buying that thing, I'm spending five hundred bucks. That's all I've got.
7. Troyzan (6/14): So, you know, leaving the auction, I got a note, an advantage to the Immunity Challenge. Any challenge, if you can get an advantage, hey, take it.
8. Troyzan (7/14): You cannot mess with Troyzan. It’s like, you-you think that you have me outsmarted. They don't. They're very scared, you know, and that tells me something. I'm, thinking, “Heck, that Immunity Idol, if there's a new one out there, I'm gonna start looking.” And I'll do it in front of everybody. I don't really care. You know, I-I-- you-you put fear in people's hearts and you can scramble them a little bit.
9. Chelsea (1/2): When Jeff brought out the letter that would give someone an advantage on the next Immunity Challenge, we knew Christina was the only one that still had enough money left that could take it from Troy. And when she backed out, I think everyone just was like, “Oh! How could you do that?” The way I see it is that Troy has put the crosshairs on his back. It's eight against one right now. We just want to take him down more than anything. But right now, Troy is going to put more heart into this game than most of the people here.
10. Troyzan (8/14): I see Kim, like, looking at me, and I pull out the little piece of cloth, and I start, like, stuffing it in and act like I'm zipping something up. Letting them think that I have an idol. So I'm acting more cocky now, and-- because I basically can. I've got nothing to lose. They're already looking at me like, “What's in his pockets,” you know? So I-I want them thinking I've got it.
11. Kim (1/1): It sucks that he has the advantage in the Immunity Challenge. It's about as big of a disaster as could have happened at the auction today. That would be the absolute worst is if he goes and wins immunity and then also has an Immunity Idol on top of that. It means disaster. He's going to be like, you know, (chuckles) scary. Who knows what he can pull off? He's a really smart guy. So hopefully, we can get rid of him before he does something too crazy that sends me home.
12. Troyzan (9/14): This (holds up Immunity Necklace to camera) thing feels outstanding. It is like a mira-- it changes my whole day. It changes everybody else's happy-go-lucky mood to, now what? Paranoia! “Does he have an Immunity Idol as well?” It's like their worst-case scenario, their worst-case scenario. Troy wins.
13. Chelsea (2/2): The one thing that all of us did not want to happen today was for Troy to win and it happened. So immediately you start to think about Tribal. I think if we were to take a girl out right now, it would do nothing but create chaos and paranoia, and that's the last thing we need right now. So it's easy to take either Tarzan out or Leif out.
14. Troyzan (10/14): The best strategy for me tonight is I'm going to talk to Leif, Christina, Alicia, and Tarzan. I mean, I'm going to be point blank, like, “You are on the bottom.” So, like, if you're smart, come along with me, and we have five votes, and we vote out Kim.
15. Troyzan (11/14): We break up those four girls over there and then basically, you could pick them off one by one. It would not be that difficult.
16. Troyzan (12/14): And that would be the best scenario. The worst would be, like, probably if, you know, they decide to vote out like a Leif or a Christina ‘cause then that takes away, you know, any chance I have of, like, swaying, uh, someone to vote, and the-the girls have major control.
17. Troyzan (13/14): And I said, you know, “You guys can move yourselves ahead. Why are you going to stick with (air quotes) "the plan" if their-- if your plan is basically for those girls to vote you out number six or seven, or whatever?” You know? “If you’re five, you could go to four easily.” Hello! Hi!
18. Alicia (2/2): You know, Troy is on to something. Let's say Troy comes out to be this, like, god of, you know, Immunity Challenges. You know, I'm gonna side with Troy. I'm no dummy! I need to be the first girl that he takes. So it's something I have to think about.
19. Troyzan (14/14): I'm hoping this group all come along with me. Vote for Kim. I'll vote for Kim and they can all be at five today. This is the only opportunity you're going to get. It's that simple. Be with me, you can't go wrong.
1. Tarzan (1/1): We're down to eight, and look where we are now, two boys left. So now we're in a hopeless situation unless the boys win immunities. So if I was trying to play the odds in my favor, the smartest thing to do is go with what the girls want me to do, rather than risk being exposed as a person on Troyzan's side.
2. Kim (1/6): Tribal was really interesting tonight. Troy threw my name out, definitely throws me a curveball in this game, like, I was not planning on being a target so early on. I kind of feel like tonight sealed the deal a little bit with the women's alliance. I think that everybody feels kind of married to our alliance, and locked in, so I'm just trying to stay calm and keep everybody happy and hopefully get rid of Troy by the next Tribal Council.
3. Troyzan (1/9): Right now, I'm on my own. I mean, there's Tarzan, but he's not with me. So I still feel like I’m, you know, one man against all the women and Tarzan. They think I have an idol that I haven't played, so that will be to my advantage. But right now, I need to win every single immunity. One man versus all the women. Bring it on. (chuckles)
4. Kat (1/4): I'm hoping whoever wins gets to go with another person on a reward, and I think it's just time for me to be able to go on something. And I think I have a great relationship with Kim, and, so if I win I can pick Kim, and if she wins she can pick me.
5. Troyzan (2/9): I planted a few seeds. So they start to think like, “Maybe I really am on the bottom.” And now I'm going to really toy with their minds.
6. Chelsea (1/1): I've never been on a helicopter, so helicopter ride definitely one of the top ten things I've ever done. I mean, it was very, very cool. We saw beautiful waterfalls. It was like a rollercoaster ride. We were loving the whole, like, swoop thing, swoop down by the waves. And then of course, to come here with two of my friends from the game, I don't know if it gets any better.
7. Kim (2/6): The reward was awesome, but I can't decide if I'm enjoying it or not. (laughs)
8. Kim (3/6): The food was incredible and I'm trying to block camp out, but it's really hard. Mostly, ‘cause I'm scared right now with what just happened with that Reward Challenge.
9. Troyzan (3/9): Because of the reward and the fact that Kim went off with Chelsea and Alicia, it gave me the opportunity to speak to five people that I’d normally wouldn't have a chance to just sit down and pow wow with. And when you can put fear into these people's heads, it’s-- you're already one step ahead. Hey, people, you wanna get paranoid? I’m gonna even make you more paranoid. I'm gonna play with your minds all the time.
10. Kat (2/4): (tearfully) I'm pissed because Kim didn't take me, and I'm pissed because I have to listen to Troyzan about, like, that I'm a follower, and that I don't make any decisions for myself, and that Kim is the lead player. I don't believe that. Troy was making me so angry. (cries) And I'm sick and tired of him saying that. It's like he says that they're the final three. Like, like, I-- it's not true. My fear is I don't want to go down as a weak player, and I'm going to do everything I can to make sure that's not the case. And if that happens and it means me having to vote Kim out, then fine.
11. Sabrina (1/4): Kat needs to be soothed. She's a hot mess right now. But right now, Troy is very savvy. If anyone can go through this game all the way and win every last single challenge, it's him, hands down.
12. Sabrina (2/4): Obviously, I'm not on Troy's side, but the main reason why I put it out there, I wanted to see who was easily swayed. Christina, within seconds of me even proposing it, "I think that's a good idea." She sways like the wind. I don't trust her at all.
13. Kat (3/4): When Kim came back, there's a lot of things that were going through my mind that I didn't know if those were seeds that Troy put there, or if those were just ridiculous ideas that were making me feel differently about Kim. I was just-- I was devastated and I didn't have anything to say to her.
14. Kim (4/6): You know, I think my choice to not choose Kat today was the first decision that I have made that was not strategic, and I think I'm paying for it now.
15. Troyzan (4/9): We're all around the campfire, I just kind of glance over… I mean, like, this giant pig, like, I mean, 160-70 pound pig goes walking right across the path. I'm like, “Is this an illusion? Am I seeing what I'm really seeing?” Like, “What the hell?”
16. Sabrina (3/4): We are getting ready to cook rice… (gets interrupted by Christina) We’re sitting… Okay, we’re sitting down enjoying rice and we see a freaking big-ass pig come by. Like, bacon and ham!
17. Troyzan (5/9): I join in for fun's sake, just to give myself a laugh. But then I start thinking, “How foolish does this look?” Like, these girls are all running around, chasing a pig, and not knowing what the hell they're going to do with it once they catch it.
18. Troyzan (6/9): They somehow think like, we're going to kill it in five minutes and then we’re going to cut a leg off and then we’re gonna have ham sandwiches all around. It just shows you the intelligence of my tribe.
19. Kim (5/6): I have no experience with catching pigs, but the pig coming into camp is awesome for me right now. It breaks tension and I can already feel, like, walls coming down. That pig is cute. I'm sorry, I'm not killing that pig. We could definitely keep it as a pet.
20. Troyzan (7/9): Today is just complete, utter disappointment, losing like, boom. I was bummed out. But part of me said, “Troy, don't let yourself get so far down where you think it's over, over. You're still alive, you’re still standing. You still have a chance to speak.” They must think I have a Hidden Immunity Idol. I'm sure they’re gonna split the vote. So, never, never say die. Not in Survivor.
21. Kat (4/4): Troy, we don't know if he has an idol so we have to split the vote. But I'm getting tired that everyone is telling me what to do because, you know, no one thinks that I'm the one running the show. Everyone thinks that Kim is. Like, I can't make a decision for myself? Like, what is this? It's frustrating for me and I don't know what to do.
22. Sabrina (4/4): The plan tonight is to split the votes and I'm just going to stick with Kim's plan. So I let Christina know, “We're going to vote you, but you're not going home.” And I should have just threw out another name, you know? Or just should have said, “Everyone’s gonna vote Troy.” I don't want her to feel bad because people do not forget how you make them feel. I don't think she processed it enough to know, “Okay, I may be going home if he has the Immunity Idol,” but she was fine with it, at least that’s what it seemed like.
23. Alicia (1/1): If I got a couple of votes, all hell would break loose. But you know what? Christina's IQ is probably a zero. I don't know if that even exists. (laughs) I mean, I'm a special ed teacher, so, uh, I handle Christina as one of my students, and she's going to do whatever we tell her to do. And if Troy pulls out an Immunity Idol, Christina's going to go, and she has to go, then she has to go. It ain't my name, so I don't care.
24. Christina (1/1): I don't trust the girls 100%. So that's why I entertain the idea of Troyzan's proposal because it makes-- it makes sense.
25. Troyzan (8/9): Christina said she would vote for Chelsea, but I don't think anybody else would vote for Chelsea. So now I'm going to have to try to somehow figure out who they're splitting this vote with, and I'm going to have to vote for that person.
26. Troyzan (9/9): When Christina said, like, who they're going to split the vote with… (chuckles) I'm like, “Great. That's what I needed to hear.” I started thinking about the vote, like, how it could go. I mean, I need three people to just vote for Christina and then, boom, I can-- I can be the fourth, and it-it can be a miracle. Seriously, boom! All of a sudden, Christina's, like, gone, and then that would be beautiful.
27. Kim (6/6): The plan is tonight to give Troy five votes and Christina two. I think splitting votes is always hard because you don't know who is with you and you don’t know who’s not. So you’ve got five people voting for Troy. If two of them flip, all of a sudden, Troy's back (chuckles) in tonight. I won't believe Troyzan is going home until the moment he stands in front of Jeff and Jeff snuffs his torch. I just-- he's, like, full of craziness and surprises. I mean, he's just playing so hard. Who knows what's about to happen?
1. Kim (1/7): It's really good that Troy is gone. I, like, physically feel relieved. Like, I feel, like… you know when you have a pit in your stomach and then it goes away? That's how I feel now that Troy is gone.
2. Alicia (1/4): Tribal tonight just showed how stupid Christina is. Seeing Christina answer those questions in front of the jury just made her look dumb, whereas Sabrina actually can talk and she can sway them the more she's left here.
3. Alicia (2/4): Now it's just us girls and Tarzan and he's really not a threat. But Sabrina scares me so I personally don't want her here. So I'm not worried. I think I'm sitting in a perfect spot. You know, people have said that I'm the misfit or that I'm at the bottom and little do they know I'm at the top controlling everything. I'm the most powerful player in this game.
4. Alicia (3/4): So Sabrina and I go get Tree Mail today and right away when I lifted the box and saw Sprint, I already knew what was happening.
5. Sabrina (1/3): (tearfully) Today we got Tree Mail from Sprint. I never thought Sprint could be so good to me and it was my brother who came all the way out to the island. Hopefully, I will get to see him and spend time with him today.
6. Christina (1/1): My dad just got a kidney transplant last year. He only has about five to ten years to live. He's only fifty-three and I want to do so much for him. And yes, it is urgent because I feel like whatever I'm doing right now is never enough and I need to do more.
7. Kat (1/4): I got to see my cousin who's my best friend and, you know, the most important person in my whole life.
8. Tarzan (1/1): To see my wife on the Sprint phone reminds me of what a treasure she is in my life. I don't deserve her. Somehow, I got her. God blessed me with her. Just a wonderful thing for us to be able to live together till we die.
9. Sabrina (2/3): (tearfully) There's some people that need to see their family because they may not have that much longer here on this Earth. Tarzan is in a thirty-year marriage, he's sixty-four, they don't have children. It's just… I hope the other women are kind of thinking like that and not being too selfish and so, um, it's kind of like I'm playing for me and Tarzan today.
10. Kim (2/7): I felt like that was a really selfish decision for Kat not to take Tarzan and Christina. I don't know how angry they're gonna be but I'm gonna have to do major damage control back at camp.
11. Kat (2/4): I feel like a won the best reward. Like, I won! Like, you see me at this challenge? It's like, yes! Like, I won something! And I really deserved to win, dang it! I haven't won anything! I really just wanted to spend time with Kim and Alicia on a genuine friendship level. Maybe I shouldn't have picked those two people, strategically, but I did and you can't go back on it. And just, what are you going to do? Am I going to dwell on it? No, I'll just eat my cake, get drunk and I’ll go back to the tribe and deal with them later.
12. Kat (3/4): This reward is the one time we were able to finally talk about our final three. Do I believe this is the final three? Yes. Do I want to jinx it? No. So, I'm not going to speak about it. It's seriously, confidential situation.
13. Kim (3/7): With 8 days left in this game, final three talk is happening all over the place. I feel like this may be my best option to go with Kat and Alicia who I feel, like, I can beat. They want to vote off Sabrina, but I've had an alliance with Sabrina since the beginning so I would be voting out someone that was previously in a top three with. But at the end of the day, if I don't think I can win against Sabrina, that would be stupid to take her to the final three with me.
14. Sabrina (3/3): I would have picked Tarzan. That's just the obvious choice because this man needs to see his wife, period. And then Christina because of the kidney transplant, her dad may have a couple of years left. So that really pissed me off. Kat is a bratty twenty-three year-old who doesn't deserve to go to the end.
15. Chelsea (1/4): Kat screwed up. Now the target is on her back. Plus, I don't think anyone wants to go to the end with Kat because last Tribal, Troy whispered in her ear, "You can do it," so that's making us all a little nervous. I'm looking forward to talking with Kim when she gets back. I just hope we all agree that Kat is a smart person to take out next.
16. Kim (4/7): I'm thinking it's immunity today and we’ve decided Sabrina’s going home for sure. I do think she has a good shot of getting a lot of jury votes just because she's pretty persuasive. So it's so important who wins because we have a plan and if somebody wins immunity that was supposed to go home, it's gonna be chaos. I think at some point in this game, I kind of started to think like, “Well, maybe it's not smart if I win immunity, but I just don't know if I'll ever feel safe,” so I've just decided at this point, if I can take every immunity from here on out, I will.
17. Chelsea (2/4): I'm glad that Kim won immunity, but I'm not sure Sabrina should be the next to go. I think Kat, just her selfishness throughout this whole game, she should be next. So there's still a lot of talking that needs to go on.
18. Kat (4/4): I'm really upset about the challenge. I mean, to lose to someone who's twenty-eight years old, who's six years older than me? It's like, “How embarrassing is that?” Don't get me wrong, like, I love her more than anything in the world, but I don't know if I'm ever going to be able to beat her in challenges.
19. Alicia (4/4): Oh, my God. It's funny ‘cause yesterday, I was like, “Sabrina, you're going home.” And then today at the challenge, I mean, did you see Sabrina? She was the first one done. I mean, I could beat her. So, there's no reason why Sabrina needs to go. But Kat, she just brought it. Homegirl was giving it her all and, like, that's somebody that I do not want to go up against if that's how she's going to play these challenges.
20. Kim (5/7): Alicia came up to me and she said, "I don't know how we got into this position but Kat has to go immediately." And I was totally shocked.
21. Kim (6/7): I do think Kat has a good shot at getting a lot of jury votes just because she hasn't pissed a lot of people off. But I think Sabrina's a bigger threat. She's smart enough to sway the jury and totally screw me over in the end. I would rather see Sabrina go first before we take Kat out. So Kat's going to vote Sabrina, and I think Tarzan would be willing to get rid of Sabrina. So it kind of feels like Chelsea and I are the swing votes.
22. Chelsea (3/4): All of a sudden, Alicia and I are both thinking on the same page that Kat needs to go. She's selfish and doesn't deserve to be in the final three. But Kim still wants to vote out Sabrina. I understand where she's coming from, but I feel like Sabrina's been on Kim and I's side since Day 1.
23. Chelsea (4/4): Kim and I are going to agree a 100% on whatever we decide to do but I think from here on out, it's going to be a cat fight.
24. Kim (7/7): I still have some choices for sure tonight, but Chelsea and I have had an alliance with Sabrina since Day 1, and Kat, I think she looks at me like a big sister so this is not a fun vote tonight. To me this is a game-changing decision. I'm about to make a choice and it's going to be a blindside either way, but this is a game and there's no way to keep everybody happy at this point in the game. It's just gonna go to hell from here on out.
1. Tarzan (1/6): If I were the girls, I would have voted me out before Kat. That would have been the smartest thing they could do, but they didn't do it. And now that they've done that, I’m not exactly undecepting myself, I have a subplot where I might be able to arrange myself to be the top three. But of course, I wouldn't reveal any of that right now. I'm just hoping to make it to four.
2. Kim (1/7): When we got back from Tribal tonight, Tarzan pulled me aside and just wanted to tell me what he thought the best plan for me was, which was to get rid of Chelsea, Sabrina and that I go to the final three with Christina and Alicia, which as crazy as Tarzan is, it’s what I know to be true. But if I have to send Chelsea home, that will be my worst night here.
3. Tarzan (2/6): I've been doing this in segments. Don't be the first one voted out. Make it to the merge. Make it to seeing my wife. Making it to number four. And maybe slipping into number three. Even if I make it to three, and I lose, it won't be a terrible thing. I just won't buy shocks for my car, that's all. (laughs)
4. Chelsea (1/6): Right now, I feel like the game is-is three versus three. Sabrina, Kim, and I, and Alicia, Christina and Tarzan. I genuinely think that Alicia, Christina and, uh, Tarzan think that they have Kim in their alliance, which is great, because I know that she's got my back.
5. Chelsea (2/6): I'm trying to reel Christina in a little bit. I know that Christina is Alicia's puppet, and I'm trying to help her see the big scheme of things, the big picture.
6. Chelsea (3/6): If I can get Christina to see that Tarzan can't go to the final three, maybe she'll fall in with Kim and I.
7. Kim (2/7): When Chelsea and Christina went to Tree Mail this morning, they walked back up, Christina came into the tent and immediately told Tarzan, Alicia, and myself everything that Chelsea said on their walk. My first question that I wanted answered was, “Did Chelsea blow my cover?” because I have been playing both sides. Alicia, Tarzan, and Christina all think that I make a foursome for them, and then Chelsea and Sabrina think I am their third.
8. Kim (3/7): Setting yourself up in a position to play both sides is brilliant but it's also one of the scarier places to sit in this game because it just takes one conversation between two people on opposite sides for them to kind of put it all together and then you're the first person gone ‘cause nobody trusts you anymore.
9. Chelsea (4/6): I've never once been on a sailboat. Not only a sailboat, but this has gotta be one of the nicest sailboats ever. It's absolutely beautiful. It's got a full kitchen, a bedroom, a shower. I mean, it's the works. I was in the shower for probably thirty minutes. I mean, I scrubbed, and just knowing that I'm clean now, it makes a world of difference.
10. Chelsea (5/6): Whenever you step out of the game and you get to go on these rewards, it's, like, you feel like you're human again. I mean, I kind of know what's going on back at camp, so since I do, I can come out here and relax, and just know that the three of us are gonna work it out and we're gonna try to make it the end together, and that's all we need.
11. Kim (4/7): You kind of start to feel like an animal out here, it could get real savage, and so to just go and be waited on and to feel so pampered, I started to remember who I was, and what I'm about, and what I'm doing here. I feel like my head is so much clearer today than it was yesterday so the reward was huge for me.
12. Alicia (1/8): Kim and I trust each other but I'm not gonna pass it by her that she's not thinking of, you know, other things, other options. However, I think it is stupid that she would want to sit next to Sabrina and Chelsea. Tarzan, myself and Christina are solid and if they want to be solid, cool, let them be solid. Let them draw rocks. Let them be stupid.
13. Tarzan (3/6): Because those three ladies took off, it's almost a blessing in disguise because it helped unite another plot that might allow me to stay here possibly to the last three. So… (laughs)
14. Alicia (2/8): I'm actually leaning towards taking Tarzan to the top three with Christina and I. So Kim better come back with the right story that we're still sticking to Chelsea, and who knows? After Chelsea's gone… you know what? Tarzan has a great point-- we need to take him out.
15. Sabrina (1/3): Somebody has to make a big move. Kim has this amazing ability to just look at you, almost look through you and say, "Yeah, I'm with you," and it's believable.
16. Kim (5/7): The reward, I think it cleared the line for me a little bit. I feel better about the option of going with Chelsea and Sabrina. I’m just trying to figure out any way possible that we can somehow win this next vote with three votes.
17. Tarzan (4/6): My plans for the day, the first thing I'm going to do is, uh, fix me some coconut stew, start the fire, clean my clothes, wash my hair again. I prepare to be defeated in some kind of contest later today. Defeated by the feminine gender. Failure among men.
18. Chelsea (6/6): When we went off, you know, on the Reward Challenge, we got to step away from the game, all the arguing, and coming back here, the second we walk into camp, there's an argument, and it's just like, “Oh, we're back in it again.”
19. Kim (6/7): I think the only reason Alicia would be willing to give up Tarzan, who has appeared to be one of her minions, is that she's convinced that he’s not a minion after all. That he's the mastermind who’s trying to take out her mastermind and that she was going to look like a fool.
20. Alicia (3/8): You know, when Kim came back today, I had to confide in her and we cross-referenced each other's stories and we are getting fed the same BS. Tarzan wants to take Kim out, and then secure his spot with Christina and Sabrina, and take me out and make me look like the fool. Hell, no! Hell to the no.
21. Alicia (4/8): If I didn't realize this, I would have gone straight up Tarzaned. I would look like an idiot in front of everybody. Now you're getting all paranoid? Now you're trying to play the game? Now you're trying to work the social game? I am the queen of the social game. If Chelsea wins immunity, we're taking Tarzan out. If Chelsea doesn't win immunity, then Chelsea goes home. And I don't feel bad about that choice, either, because home girl’s been trying to run her game on me. No one runs their game on me. That's the ghetto Puerto Rican that’s coming out. Oh, well, I don't care. But you don't try to make me look like a fool, trying to take me out at the end. I'm the most powerful player and I'm going to remain the most powerful player.
22. Alicia (5/8): I am probably the most surprised (chuckles) about my win today. So it's awesome. You know, wearing that gold necklace, I mean, if I was back at home, I would be with my girls saying, "Look at me now," you know? (laughs)
23. Alicia (6/8): Today is all about me. And I have the choice, you know, keeping Chelsea around or Tarzan. And do I get rid of my power? I control three votes-- my vote, Tarzan's vote, and Christina's vote. But as far as Tarzan-- and I kind of have this selfish vibe, you know, like, why should should I give up power now? But at the same time, I'm afraid he's gonna backstab me.
24. Sabrina (2/3): Somehow or another, Kim has finagled her way into Alicia's mindset that Tarzan is gunning for Alicia. Now before, Alicia, she was gunning for Chelsea first. But what I just heard from Kim, if it's true, we can get this sucker Tarzan out of here. But Alicia's slick. We don't know if she's telling the truth. So, um, who knows?
25. Kim (7/7): If Alicia doesn't vote out Tarzan, I will probably vote with Christina, Alicia, and Tarzan to take Chelsea out. I feel like my struggling at this point to keep Chelsea in this game and to use an idol, that takes me to the final four no matter what, seems like a really unwise decision to put everything I have on the line for Chelsea and Sabrina with six people left in this game when I know for a fact that I could sit at the final four.
26. Sabrina (3/3): This plan tonight all hinges on pretty much two people in order to sway all the votes. Kim to sway Alicia's mind to say, “You know, we're all in this together. We want that sucker Tarzan gone and he’s out to get you.” But it also hinges on Alicia believing every morsel of what comes out of Kim's mouth. And Kim, she bats her baby blue eyes and… and she looks right dead at you, and then it's really hard to not believe Kim.
27. Tarzan (5/6): I've been aware that the girls needed me to help them get rid of the boys. Well, I did that. I actually did that. I helped them get rid of five boys. And now if I haven't screwed it up by being irascible the last couple of days, we hope to God that all the girls don't jump on me tonight but actually knock out Chelsea. And if-if Alicia would think it through a little bit better, she'd see why that’d be better for her. Except that I know there's no way for her to really trust me, and so she could be influenced by Kim.
28. Tarzan (6/6): Kim, with her angelic eyes, actually fooled Troyzan and Jay-bird, so God knows, she could probably fool Alicia.
29. Alicia (7/8): I don't want to have to blindside Tarzan tonight. It’s very hard because Tarzan and I have a father-daughter-like relationship. But at the same time, he might reunite with Sabrina, and take Christina and persuade her. And those are things that I want to avoid.
30. Alicia (8/8): I want to say I trust Kim. I want to say 100%, but there is, like, this doubt in my mind that maybe she's playing me. So it's, like, I don't know. I really don't know which one do I go with?
1. Kim (1/8): It's a good moment coming back to camp tonight after Tribal to, like, walk into camp and reflect on how far we've come as women, like, from Day 1, being miserable with a crappy little shelter, no fire. And to walk in with good friends and have a decent shelter to sleep in tonight. But tomorrow I'm going to wake up and I'm going to play as hard as I can, and that's how I plan to finish the game.
2. Alicia (1/3): I got rid of Tarzan. I'm feeling a little bittersweet about it, you know, because I had to get rid of one of my powers but this is my dream come true. I always wanted it to be girls at the end. I'm very confident that Kim and I are going to stick together, as well as Christina and get rid of the next two girls, Chelsea and Sabrina, and they know it. There was no way I would’ve ever thought I’d be sitting here at the end and, you know, I really have to say that it's because I played one hell of a game.
3. Sabrina (1/3): Kim and I were just talking about, “Man, it's just good to be here Day 37. Can you can believe it we're here?” And then she looks at me and she says, "What are your thoughts about getting rid of Chels?” And literally, my-- I was like, “What?!” you know? I thought we were kind of tight til the end. But then again, things are never as it seems in this game.
4. Sabrina (2/3): I would think I'm the next likable person out here. So if Chelsea wins immunity today… am I on the chopping block? It could very well be a possibility. So I just want to get my head in the challenge right now.
5. Alicia (2/3): I would love it if Chelsea didn't win immunity. For me to have any chance of winning a million dollars, she needs to go. So, please, Chelsea, I hope you suck today.
6. Kim (2/8): Winning the Immunity Idol today, huge, but also feels funny. I have so many options and things running around in my head that I feel like my head is about to explode. At this point in the game, every person I send to the jury is either a vote for me or against me, I have to start running numbers, like, it's huge. Every person you send home could make the difference.
7. Kim (3/8): I feel like the two big options that I’m considering tonight, um, one would be to stick with Chelsea and vote for Alicia. Christina is sort of a no-brainer to take to the end. My other option would be to vote Chelsea out tonight.
8. Chelsea (1/3): I don't feel like I've ever felt more comfortable going into a Tribal. Kim has had my back throughout this game. She’s always been a 100% honest with me. Like, it’s a million-dollar game and she thinks I could win it, and she still wants me to go to the final with her. So hopefully, she's not about to backstab me, but I don't think that's the case.
9. Kim (4/8): At the time, it seemed like such a smart thing to tell Chelsea that I had the idol. I can honestly say, sitting here today, I wish she didn't know because now that I’m sitting here with immunity, she's expecting me to play the idol for her no matter what. It’s like, I just have to be so careful about how I play tonight. I feel like I have all these, like, weapons in my belt and I want to play the right ones, and not just, like, get them all out and play all of them for the hell of it.
10. Alicia (3/3): I definitely feel confident that Kim is a 100% loyal to me. I mean, even when I sit back and assess everything, why in the hell would she want to sit next to Chelsea and Sabrina and have all those votes just split? So I need to, like, not be paranoid, relax, and don't overthink stuff. I got this.
11. Christina (1/5): I believe that what Kim said that she's going to vote Chelsea out, and Sabrina and Chelsea both believe it's going to be Alicia to go. So Kim would be a fool not to vote for Chelsea. It would be her biggest competitor.
12. Kim (5/8): Everybody knows where everyone else stands because of me. I mean, I've told Sabrina and Chelsea what the other side is doing, and I’ve told Alicia and Christina what they're doing, and I really could go either way at this point.
13. Christina (2/5): Bravo. I got played. I totally thought that Kim and Alicia, myself, were going to be part of the final three. And Kim did a great play.
14. Christina (3/5): Right now, I do feel like I'm on the outs, but I could still have them convinced that having me as part of the final three would be a good call and not think about Sabrina. Why not have someone like me? People don't really think that I deserve to be here. You know, I've been coattailing the whole entire time. I mean, things change every day.
15. Chelsea (2/3): It probably should have been me going home tonight and I'm still here. So, I owe a ton to Kim ‘cause I feel like tonight was-was all her. Sabrina might not be the best person to take to the end. We know that Christina is definitely not well spoken, and if she has to sit in front of a jury and explain herself and how she played this game, it's going to be a joke.
16. Christina (4/5): Today, I have to win immunity. Previously in the game, I would not elevate my game and just kind of be, like, at a mediocre pace, and now is the time that I need really, really need to step it up and give it full throttle.
17. Kim (6/8): I won the Immunity Challenge today. It was awesome. That was the one I've been wanting, you know? I mean, you have to take it challenge by challenge, but to know, like, to go tonight knowing that it's not me, it feels awesome.
18. Christina (5/5): I feel like Kim, Sabrina and Chelsea have their decisions already made. I mean, I thought maybe I could try to talk to Kim and try to switch it but Kim is pretty adamant and just keeping it the way it is so I figured my last day here, Day 38, final four, can't really complain. Might as well make it enjoyable and peaceful as possible.
19. Kim (7/8): The interesting thing about Christina's response is that she literally didn't fight for it. I feel like I did make my decision to go with Chelsea and Sabrina, but I think I'm starting to second guess myself. Like, up until this point there was less at stake, you know what I mean? It’s like, there were more chances to go home. And, I mean, the decision is going to change who I sit there at the end with. I think if I do take Christina, then I really don't think she could get one vote. And I do think Sabrina will receive quite a few more votes than Christina would. So I'm going to try to just make what I think is the best decision for myself in this game.
20. Sabrina (3/3): (tearfully) Just woke up really emotionally overwhelmed this morning. Um, it's coming to an end. I had no idea I was gonna go this far. And I'm… I’m just reflecting on life, just, uh, how God has just blessed me. Just with the little things, a decent family, decent friends, this amazing experience. I'm about to go back to real life, and part of me wants to, part of me doesn't. Um, you know, I'm a teacher in one of the craziest neighborhoods in the country, and, um, I just got laid off. I signed up to be a teacher, to teach kids that people don't want to teach. I wanted to tell all the kids everything-- how the sand felt, how the water felt. I would love my kids just to see this view. They see a few blocks of Brooklyn, that's it. And that's all they aspire to see. So hopefully, they see that I took a chance and they'll take a chance. All they have to do is one time. I can only spend maybe a few more minutes sitting here after the sun comes up. You gotta put your game face on. This is still anyone's game. Uh, I think everyone has their strong points and their weaknesses in this game, and it's all about playing with the strong parts. You gotta go in, guns blazing, and, um, kind of having no mercy and from there, the game will unfold.
21. Chelsea (3/3): Before I came into this game, I was so nervous and so scared, and I can be honest and say that I did not expect to be sitting here in the final three. You know, my dad told me before he left, “No matter what happens, we're all proud of you.” So, I mean, of course you want to win a million dollars, but sometimes money isn't the big prize. When you come out here for the adventure, you have to think it's a lot bigger than just a million dollars. I've made some great friends I know I'm going to have for a lifetime. Um, memories I'll be able to share with my kids, their kids, and the list goes on.
22. Kim (8/8): This year has been kind of a tough year for me. I just recently got divorced and, you know, coming out of a really tough marriage, um, after almost four years, you look back and you’re like, “Man, I got married to this person, and, wow, it really doesn't work.” It sort of shakes something in you. So coming out here, and having to make decisions quickly day in and day out, and have them work and-and get to sit here at the end and say, “Wow, these decisions worked out and went really well,” I have definitely gained some of my confidence back, and trusting myself, trusting my discernment, my intuition, and there hasn't been a wrong turn. I'm excited to-to take this and take it back to my real life.
