1. Kelly (1/3): Fifteen years ago, I was in Borneo, the first season, and I almost won. Made it 39 days and lost by one vote. And that’s why I’m here. It’s been poking at me for fifteen years, little by little. I’m much stronger, and smarter, and I’m a mom now-- I’ve given birth, okay, I can do anything at this point, right?
2. Andrew (1/2): I am living the dream. I have the perfect wife. My kids, they’re amazing. I’ve got a great job. I don’t have any bad things in my life except… Pearl Islands. My exit-- it’s haunted me for twelve years and I’m not over it. And to cure my Survivor pain, I need to give it a thousand percent. I’m gonna leave everything I got in this game and it’ll be epic.
3. Spencer (1/3): Last time I played Survivor I was frankly, cocky. I thought about Survivor in terms of chess but I have done a lot of maturing. I’ve done emotional growing in that time. People are not chess pieces and they need to be related to on a human level. Being more emotionally aware, I think I’m in a better place in life than I’ve ever been to play and win this game.
4. Kimmi (1/2): My experience in Australia was cut way short and I wanna have that second chance at my dream of getting to the end. The Angkor Wat temple, that’s a total metaphor for this whole game because, you know, you get a little bit of damage, but you know what? You can build yourself up. Fourteen years is a long time to finish that last chapter in the book.
5. Kelley (1/7): Last time I played the game I was with my dad. Playing with my dad was my downfall, absolutely. I probably should’ve written my dad’s name down. But I can’t go back on that now. I can take this second chance and I can make the moves that I wanted to make and have a better game.
6. Ciera (1/2): I really messed up my first time, being scared early on. After discovering that like, I can socially work my way through this game I started to say, “Okay, Ciera. I’ll start making some moves.” Unfortunately, that had to start with voting my mom out. And this time, I want to be fearless and I wanna see that person I was at the end of the game, at the beginning of the game and just leave it all out on the island.
7. Tasha (1/2): The first time I played Survivor I was nice Tasha. I didn’t want my family or my church members to be disappointed in the way I played the game. When I returned home, my church members were saying, “You need to be more aggressive. You need to lie and backstab like everyone else.” So if the saints think it’s okay… it’s okay. I’m here to win a million dollars and when it’s all done, I’ll pray for forgiveness.
8. Jeff (1/5): This second chance means everything in the world to me. I jumped off a pole in The Outback for peanut butter and gave away a million dollars when I did it. Having to replay that history over and over for fourteen years really does a number on you. This is my opportunity to rewrite my own story. I’m more mature, I’m a lot smarter, and I’m not jumping off anything for peanut butter.
9. Joe (1/2): Growing up as a kid, me and my dad would sit around and watch Survivor. It was really hard not getting my dad out here for the loved ones visit. It was something that I really wanted to do to prove to myself that I can make it that far in the game. I just came up short and it was devastating. I think this is my time to make it happen right now.
10. Kass (1/2): We all have a little devil in us. I was a bit of a troublemaker my season. Chaos Kass, well, she lives somewhere deep within me, but if I don’t change someone’s gonna take me down. But I kind of like my legacy thus far. I like the chaos. The only thing that needs to change is their perception of me and then when the merge comes, if I’m there, uh, all hell breaks loose.
11. Abi-Maria (1/6): You know, when I look back on my season, I made a lot of mistakes. I created a lot of trouble… that was a mistake. I threw coconuts at Skupin’s head… that was a mistake. I was too blunt with Lisa… I shouldn’t have done that. But having a second chance to come back and patch those little mistakes. But I like having fun. Villains have more fun.
12. Jeremy (1/2): Last time when I played with my wife, half my mind was always with her. It’s emotional, you know, with Val. I really love her and I care about what she’s doing. I wasn’t focused so I was blindsided by my own alliance. I went home, took it hard. Now, I want the money for Val more than for me. Like, I just need to go through this again. I’m back for some redemption.
13. Woo (1/2): Spotting our flag, I wanted to cry. I was so stoked. It was like when I first received my first black belt, it’s-it’s super honorable.
14. Woo (2/2): Going into this second chance, I’m not only playing for myself. I feel like I’m playing for everyone that voted for me.
15. Kelly (2/3): Seeing the beach, it was just Day 1, Borneo all over again. My first thought is let’s get camp going.
16. Kelly (3/3): To me it’s important to work hard and be useful in camp, and it was immediately clear who the workers were-- Terry, me, Woo… and Vytas, and Spencer. When people don’t have anywhere to sleep and when it starts raining, they’re going to remember, hopefully, that I was there working and building a shelter. There doesn’t get (laughs) any more old school Survivor than me. That’s-that’s it.
17. Terry (1/1): It’s been a long time since I played, and I believe there is a huge difference between old school and new school. One of the big differences now is the fact that the game almost immediately is played when you hit the beach. Whereas in old school, it was kind of like we needed shelter, and we need fire. My social game over the past nine years has haunted me a bit. As we’re building the shelter, I hear my wife’s voice in my ear going, “Don’t let people walk off all by themselves, you know, and make sure that you’re getting into the social game because, you know, it’s a big part of Survivor.”
18. Spencer (2/3): Terry’s children: thank you for having your dad trust me because I don’t trust anyone and I’m going to do what’s best for me. I’m a new school player but I’m an every-school fan and so it’s important for me to have a real relationships and to know what people are thinking. I wanna have more one on one conversations in the first three days here, this time, than I had in my entire game in Cagayan.
19. Abi-Maria (2/6): I am worried because my bag disappears, nowhere to be found. I have this, like, leather bracelet with, like, some gold stuff in it-- not real gold, but like, you know, it’s like, my super powers bracelet.
20. Abi-Maria (3/6): Last time, in the Philippines, I totally let my emotions get the best of me, and that was one of my downfalls. This time around, I told myself that I was going to control my emotions and my temper, and-and that’s part of the game that I wanna play right now. But it’s so hard for me not to pull out the fangs.
21. Ciera (2/2): The tribe seems to be in a really good spirit. Everybody is working around camp. Everybody is getting along. We kind of have, like, a really peaceful mantra about us, and I’m hoping that by coming out here a second time I can rewrite my story.
22. Keith (1/2): I never thought I’d made the cut but here I am. Happy to be here now. Last time I kind of coasted on by for a while, even without an alliance. That gets you all the way to fourth, big deal. Fourth place is a hard pill to swallow. So I’m not gonna change a lot but maybe tweak a little bit. Second time is gonna be a whole lot different. No fumbling this time. (spits)
23. Jeremy (2/2): With the tribe I feel good. I knew my season that they saw me as a threat, so I figure, let me talk to Keith. The only thing I’m hoping that if Keith hears my name that he comes back to me. I’m trying to go strategically, and like, really use my head this season. So I wanted Tasha, probably the strongest female out here. And I wanted Savage. Savage seems like a real straight up guy, another physical threat. But my number one that I wanted was Joe. There’s no bigger shield out here than Joe. And it kind of worked out that way, and I think it’ll be so dumb for someone to mess this up. And I feel like we have the stronger group. We could really move on in this game. We could make some noise. We just gotta stick together and get each other’s back.
24. Joe (2/2): One thing I learned last season was I’m the biggest threat, so you gotta make moves to ensure your-- you go deeper in the game. So either the alpha males go at each other or they align and come together and work together. In the case of, like, Jeremy and Savage, I think we all are kind of on that same page of let’s help each other help each other.
25. Stephen (1/3): I feel exactly like I felt last time, like out of place on a tribe with guys who are not like me. A Fishbach out of water, once again.
26. Stephen (2/3): It-it could be the same narrative as it was for me in Tocantins, where, you know, I was super out of place and then I connected with one of these people who was really in his element and we went all the way to the end. J.T., you know, he was too amazing, he destroyed me in the end. I’m not going to make that mistake a second time. All these manly men on my tribe, it’s-- it is my nightmare. Either I’m going to be totally in charge of my tribe or I’m going to dramatically overplay and flame out really quickly.
27. Vytas (1/3): When I played Survivor the first time I got put on a tribe with all women and  they were gunning for me hard and I was fortunate enough to get myself into their good graces. Some people would say, “Oh, he manipulated those women.” I didn't manipulate the women. I just manipulated some of their perspective and that’s so much what Survivor is about and I’m good at that.
28. Vytas (2/3): But at the same time, I don’t want to be perceived as a manipulator because that’s a threat, especially early on. I want the women to think like, “He’s a sweet guy. He’s down to help out. He’s a nice person. I want to give him a chance to see what he’s like.”
29. Shirin (1/4): To me, Vytas comes off as smarmy, and that’s how I read him in his first season and that’s how I’m reading him now. So right out of the gate, I want to pull away some clear people that I want to work with and just lock it down right off the bat. Because it’s a rare opportunity to get a second chance ever, let alone at this game, and I’m not going to squander it.
30. Shirin (2/4): Vytas has got way too many connections, like, overall in this game and he’s got very clear connections to the other tribe as well.
31. Jeff (2/5): Shirin is talking a mile a minute. This train took off and I’m glad I’m on it. I just got on it. I don’t care who’s pulling me in the woods-- “Yes,” is your answer. It’s like, “Damn, mama! Slow down! (laughs) I just got here.” And you know, a train will only go as fast and its conductor will take it and she’s hitting the gas… (startled) What just bit my ass?! When I did the first time in The Outback, it was all about the adventure. It wasn’t about the strategy at all. I haven't played Survivor in fifteen years. Is this the way you do it now? I don’t know if it’s fifteen years waiting for this opportunity and here it is but it’s coming at the right time for me. I’ll be fifty next year. That’s a big year, and most men my age go through a midlife crisis. They buy a Corvette, they cheat on their wives. I go on Survivor. It’s not about a midlife crisis, it’s about a midlife quest, and the second half of my life begins with Survivor: Second Chance.
32. Abi-Maria (4/6): There was like, one bag with a name tag, Peih-Gee. And I stick my hand in there, and the first thing that I grab out of the bag is my freaking bracelet.
33. Abi-Maria (5/6): There was no reason for her to steal my bracelet but in my head I'm like, “Hmm, maybe she was trying to waken the Brazilian dragon.” But even though, deep inside, sometimes I wanna scream and let the temper take over me, I can’t let this happen. It’s my second chance. I have to play smart.
34. Peih-Gee (1/2): Abi-Maria, she was causing weirdness around this bracelet of hers that she thought I took, and I was just like, “You know what? I just want to straighten it out with her because I don’t want her to think like I stole her damn bracelet.”
35. Peih-Gee (2/2): The last time I was on Survivor, I didn’t form the relationships that I should have. I’ve learned you make friends but you keep your enemies a little bit closer.
36. Kass (2/2): Out here, second chances, it kind of sets a tone for everyone like, “This is it.” I was a little worried about getting voted back in ‘cause I flipped off someone but I think people know that I’m gonna play and you’re gonna have some fireworks. A lot of people are here to prove something. I’m just here to win. I don’t care how I do it.
37. Stephen (3/3): You know, I’m going for-- looking for wood. Couldn’t help myself looking for the idol because if I don’t find that idol, someone else is going to find it. But this is a huge, huge beach, and there’s a lot of trees. I walked into this disgusting, muddy swamp. It was-- it was nasty. I don’t imagine Jeff Probst is going into that swamp to hide an idol but, you know, it’s-it’s-it’s game on. I need the idol, or I need to create a solid link with some people who hopefully won’t judge me for being... a nerd. I’m sure people noticed that I was looking for the idol. I hoped I’m not getting branded with that idol-- I probably am-- “Fishbach is looking for the idol.” Dang it.
38. Andrew (2/2): I’m still just in awe of the fact that Joe got fire. And Joe was just incredible. In this environment, with this humidity, we thumped Mother Nature on Day 1 by getting fire and that, I think, is a great sign of things to come.
39. Jeff (3/5): Day 2, I feel like I’ve never played this game before… it’s odd. This game is way too fast. I can’t keep up with it. But I’m playing hard and I’m trying not to look like I’m playing hard but I’m playing hard.
40. Jeff (4/5): There are two divisions happening on this beach right now. There’s the people who built the shelter, the old schoolers. Old school wants to do it the way old school did it-- you work and that’s what your value is. And the new school wants to just take off running down the beach and get me into an alliance. But I don’t want to turn on the shelter people, my old folks. I don’t want to do that.
41. Jeff (5/5): It’s my second chance and I’m in something I’ve never been in before and I don’t know what to do. Old school, new school, what do I do?!
42. Kelley (2/7): I think I definitely have to take into consideration the game that I played last time. You know, I didn’t take as many risks as I should have. You don’t always get second chances and I’m not going to waste it. And generally, a Hidden Immunity Idol is already at camp when you get there. So… I expected, in a second chance season, that there’s definitely going to be one. I took on the task of getting palm fronds and coconuts and I knew that would give me an opportunity to potentially look for an idol. Put things on the path and when people come by, I’m like, “Oh, look. I’m putting things out for you to take back. Yeah!” Sneaky, sneaky! (laughs)
43. Kelley (3/7): I looked for a long time and then I happen to walk by one tree.
44. Kelley (4/7): Usually, the Hidden Immunity Idol is just in camp somewhere. For it to be at a challenge is crazy because everyone can see you if you’re not sneaky enough. If I get to the challenge and I feel like I can pull it off... (“I’m so happy!”) then I’m gonna try and grab it. Otherwise, it’s gonna be super obvious.
45. Kimmi (2/2): Our first challenge is going to be the very first Survivor challenge on the very first Survivor, and to be able to get the first Tree Mail after waiting so long, it’s-- you know, you get these little butterflies in your stomach.
46. Monica (1/1): Tree Mail kind of gets me nervous. It’s no secret that I’m one of the smallest people here and the first time I played I always tried to kinda downplay that and not make a big deal out of it. But now I just want to make sure that I just hold my own. I think I’m stronger now.
47. Keith (2/2): Joe is down there doing yoga, and I don’t do yoga. I get up in the morning, I have a cup of coffee and I go to work like 99% of Americans do. Nobody wants to see me bend over and get contorted out there and all that. I think Joe is a free spirit, pretty boy with the hair. Yeah, great, great around camp. Peel stuff, chop stuff. But, uh, yoga, that-that-- that’s Joe.
48. Tasha (2/2): Today, we did some not-yoga, some Joe-ga. (laughs) And, honestly, I was a little distracted. You know, I’m trying to breathe, but all I could think about was Joe’s body. (laughs) How can you focus looking at Joe? But I think we are in a good mental place to win this challenge so I’m excited. We’re pumped.
49. Shirin (3/4): Before the challenge, Vytas showed me some of his yoga moves.
50. Shirin (4/4): He can be so over the top. He’s so yoga! And srinivasana, monkey pose, bananasanamana.
51. Kelley (5/7): Vytas is just going around, like, trying to flirt and it’s annoying me. It’s not sexy in any way. Like, “Just go away! You’re like a bug. Get away!” So I want Vytas out, like, done, dead to me. He’s annoying me.
52. Vytas (3/3): Abi’s a tough person to deal with. She gets annoyed with people on a dime and Abi sent me some negative vibes this morning. I wouldn’t be surprised if Abi whispered, “Hey, let’s get out Vytas.” So I need to make sure that I don’t get too comfortable because my mistake the first time was my lack of awareness and a little bit of overconfidence. It’s smart to get out Abi because we could get every single person on board because nobody likes her. But, I mean, this is still the beginning of the day. Somebody might do something real stupid later in the day. Somebody might do something bad in the challenge. But if the tide is going in Abi’s direction, I’m gonna have to just, like, let it go.
53. Kelley (6/7): Our first Immunity Challenge. All I can think about was the Hidden Immunity Idol. It’s all I had in my mind.
54. Kelley (7/7): I looked back and I’m like, “Crap, I missed an opportunity to get an Idol.” As much as I want the idol, I don’t want someone to see me get the idol and then they might target me.
55. Abi-Maria (6/6): We don’t have a second to talk about game play, strategy, nothing.
56. Spencer (3/3): I am nervous as hell going to a Tribal without getting your ducks in a row. We have a tribe with Abi-Maria, Jeff Varner, and all the crazies under the sun. If the worst case scenario happens, it’s equivalent to all of your ducks getting shot by a rifle at once.
1. Kelly (1/1): Tribal Council was devastating. I didn’t expect Varner to flip. It kind of sucks to be on the bottom. That’s not how I wanted to start off the second chance. My alliance needs to get their crap together. Shirin and Spencer set the pace-- forming alliances and scheming. We got to start defending ourselves or we’re done here.
2. Kelley (1/3): Yesterday, we went from the challenge straight to Tribal, and so I need to find some time to read my idol, which I’ve been holding onto. I don’t even know what it looks like. I don’t know what the clue says.
3. Kelley (2/3): This second chance season is already insane. So I’m so glad to have a little bit of security. It’s a beautiful thing. I’m so excited. Oh, my God! Playing a second time, having a second chance, I just want to do everything that I didn’t do the first time, and I want to be aggressive, and I want to be a player. It’s really important to me. This is a second chance, go big or go home.
4. Spencer (1/5): After Vytas went home, there was definitely a sense that the new school got the better of the old school on the first vote. Terry, Wiglesworth and Woo missed the vote.
5. Jeff (1/5): Spencer and Shirin are quite comfortable, but I’m not so sure they should be as comfortable as they are. My whole plan with voting out Vytas was to teach the old schoolers to play this game finally and to set the pace to get rid of Shirin and Spencer. They’re playing way too hard strategy-wise. I want to get one of them out of the mix.
6. Jeff (2/5): That vote last night was a wake-up call: “Get off your ass and play this game. This is not 2001.”
7. Terry (1/3): I left Tribal Council, feeling like crap, but Varner is hitting the beach hard and playing the game. Survivor has changed. My second chance includes Terry Dietz, obviously having to play a social game or I will see my butt voted out.
8. Joe (1/1): I want to have fun out here. I want to do stuff. No one likes sleeping on the bamboo, so I said, “Yeah, I think I’m going to make a hammock.” The last time I played I was the biggest threat, no questions asked. So coming into this season, it’s nice being in a role where I feel like I am providing a service. I want to be someone that people need and want around.
9. Stephen (1/1): It’s crazy being on a tribe with Joe because he’s “Survivor MacGyver.” You know, he’s always building a hammock or-or going fishing. (chuckles) Joe’s just too good-- Joe’s too good for his own self. Like, he’s too much of the golden boy, beautiful threat. Joe’s the guy who is perfect at the beginning, wins all the challenges, builds the shelter and then you slit his neck right when you get to the merge.
10. Abi-Maria (1/5): At Tribal Council, I got four votes. If it was me back in Survivor: Philippines, I would have exploded. But I didn’t explode. You know, I’m working on it. I want to change. I just try to act like the new Abi that I want to be.
11. Spencer (2/5): Abi is an absolute drama queen. The fact that I have to trust someone like that to protect my interests is the most frightening thing I’ve had to do in all of Survivor. I feel like, I am in a good position but Abi is like, the permanent liability. She will always be this body weight that you have to lug around. Abi is here to start fights and that is cancer for a tribe and deadly cancer for an alliance.
12. Jeff (3/5): Abi is our own little Brazilian soap opera that we can just turn on and watch whenever we want to. And there are buttons you use to push to get it at various levels of entertainment. I see Abi as somebody everybody hates, which makes her somebody that I know I can beat. She is the perfect tool to help me win one million dollars. Oh, my God! This is delicious! Who needs food when you’ve got Abi?
13. Kass (1/1): My last season, my fellow cast members were horrible. This time, some of these people are great people. So if they make me a better person and a better player, I’ll take it. I think you have to have feelings in this game, you know, and that was a fault in my prior game, was assuming everyone had compartmentalized this and we were going to go play poker and someone was going to win. And I realized that not everyone behaves in that manner out here. We’re real people and-and I’m going to be a real person throughout this.
14. Jeremy (1/1): (tearfully) Trying to have fun and be all business. And then Savage bringing up that story with his wife, yeah, it touches you, you know? I mean, it makes you think. My wife is pregnant and I just want to see her stomach, you know what I mean? I want to be there to see it grow. (sniffles) I’m not telling anybody. I got so much riding on me anyway, I know they’re going to come after me as a physical threat. And you’re going to add on that my wife is pregnant, no one is going to want to take me to the end. But I got to control this a little bit. Val knows how much this means to me and to her, you know? She’s the reason why I’m doing this again, you know?
15. Andrew (1/2): Here’s the thing about Stephen, first reaction is Jeremy’s looking for an idol as opposed to Jeremy has a wonderful wife and kids, maybe my story affected him and he needed some private time. That just tells me that Fishbach is playing the game 24/7. All he cares about is that idol and it’s all about the game, no emotion.
16. Andrew (2/2): Fishbach is kind of lacking in-in some of the things that really mean everything to me and my tribe… morals, values, loyalty, dignity, courage. So whether I like the guy or not, his time out here, if it’s up to me, is going to be limited.
17. Shirin (1/5): I’m having a conversation with Peih-Gee. Abi overhears it, walks over and they erupt into a fight.
18. Shirin (2/5): Abi’s talking about the votes against her for the millionth time. I started getting upset so I walked away. It was just all very awkward and… painful to watch.
19. Peih-Gee (1/2): Of course, like, I was a little embarrassed to have been caught talking about somebody behind their back, but everybody is fed up with her, okay? She doesn’t have a single friend on this island.
20. Abi-Maria (2/5): The same people that I thought that I was aligned with… were just laughing at me right now… and I feel like Shirin didn’t have my back. (tearfully) And the reason why I wanted to work with her… was because she felt like nobody had her back on her season… and I just feel really weird right now. It just sucks. This hurts. And I feel alone.
21. Terry (2/3): Abi goes off to the beach. The eight of us are in the shelter, and she’s getting laughed at by her people. And no one stood up for her. You know, she’s annoying and she’s an emotional train wreck, but to leave another human being out there floundering, that’s just wrong.
22. Terry (3/3): Something started to really click between me and Abi, not only personal-wise because we made that connection, but strategic-wise in the talking we were doing there. The opportunity sprang from just being thoughtful about somebody. Jeff lit a little fire under my ass. I knew I had to come to the beach here with social game and I was a little slow on the uptake at first, but it’s starting to come together.
23. Abi-Maria (3/5): That is music to my ears after my whole alliance is just letting everyone just make me feel like a fool. And now I feel so good that people actually want to work with me. And that they actually find me, you know, a joy.
24. Abi-Maria (4/5): Terry saw the crack, and he jumped right on it. My old alliance will definitely regret not coming to me when I needed them the most.
25. Jeff (4/5): That challenge was a nightmare and we ended up losing. But it didn’t dawn on me til just now that Spencer and Shirin had their fate in their own hands and they lost it. Now one of those two is going home tonight… how poetic.
26. Spencer (3/5): Second challenge in and we’re already getting our asses kicked. I’m very happy to have control of the game with Shirin. I relate to Shirin more than anyone else out here. My old Survivor experience of being on the bottom and suffering and not having anyone I can play with and trust is gone.
27. Jeff (5/5): My whole thing is get rid of the threats as soon as you can. Spencer is a huge strategic threat. That kid is the smartest young man I’ve ever met in my entire life. Shirin is all of that, plus she’s emotional, she knows how to talk to you like your best friend. She’s a salesperson. They are two heads on one snake, so it doesn’t matter which one we chop off.
28. Peih-Gee (2/2): I would’ve preferred to vote out Abi-Maria, but currently I’m siding with the larger majority, which seems to be everyone except for Shirin and Spencer. I think they’re both a little bit dangerous, and I don’t want to be on the wrong side of the votes.
29. Kelley (3/3): It’s very hard for me to think about voting for Shirin or Spencer because those are my original allies. Unfortunately, things shifted over the course of 24 hours, and now I find myself in a different alliance, which I don’t necessarily like, but I have to go with the flow. So Shirin and Spencer are in deep crap.
30. Shirin (3/5): Even though we lost the Immunity Challenge, I feel really great going forward because we’ve got me, Spencer, Kelley, Jeff Varner, but, you know, I want to make sure that Abi still feels good. She is always all over the place.
31. Abi-Maria (5/5): I’m so sorry. I tried, Shirin. I tried. I tried having your back, but you know what? If you (expletive censor) with me, you’re dead.
32. Shirin (4/5): Spencer and I were in the majority that voted out Vytas. We should be riding high, happy, but somehow some way, we’ve ended up in the minority.
33. Spencer (4/5): Right now, I’m swinging like a pendulum between frustration and exasperation. One minute ago, I was in a perfectly fine position, and now nothing is nearly as high a priority as keeping myself safe. I just have to make it a priority to make it three more days.
34. Woo (1/1): All of a sudden, Spencer and Shirin have the audacity to think that, you know, like, I’m just going to drop my tribe, jump in with them. Hey, I’m sorry, majority rules.
35. Shirin (5/5): I feel sick to my stomach about the fact that I very, very well may go home and the only option that I have is voting for Spencer. I don’t want to vote for Spencer.
36. Spencer (5/5): My situation is getting bleaker and bleaker. This was going to be my second chance and I wanted to have a very different experience, but I’m being brought hard back to my first experience where everything starts going really well and then, all of a sudden, it collapses in front of me. Every single person, other than Shirin and I, is in the numbers against us. I mean, Shirin’s been my only solid person, and now I feel like there’s no move I can make other than screwing over the one person I wanted to play with. (cries)
1. Spencer (1/4): I still am not the strongest social player out here. Ostensibly, I’m completely on the outs so I have to change. In this season, which is about change, and about a second chance, a second iteration of you as a Survivor player and as a person, the people who have been able to change have been rewarded. So if I can make the change I know is within me happen, there’s absolutely hope.
2. Terry (1/2): I have simply gone from the bottom up to the top without any fear of getting voted out. The numbers are on our side, and all of  sudden, Terry Dietz has the social game. I, you know, I don’t know, I was kind of proud of myself, you know? It worked out great. And, uh, there’s still Spencer to vote out at the next Tribal if we have to go. Boy, I’m on top of the world right now. It’s, uh… life is good.
3. Andrew (1/3): When Jeff said it was a swap, my heart stopped. I haven’t had the best luck on Survivor in terms of swaps or twists. And I have the same kind of haunting fear that I had twelve years ago in Pearl Islands. I don’t wanna swap.
4. Joe (1/1): It’s a dangerous game going into a mix-up, but looking at the tribe as a whole, our girls are stronger, our guys are stronger. We’re in a really, really good spot to take control of this game.
5. Spencer (2/4): I needed some way to get out of the situation where I was pinned on the bottom, and now it’s like the Survivor gods have looked on me and said, “Spencer, you do deserve a second chance, here’s where you were. Where are you now?”
6. Peih-Gee (1/3): It’s hard having to start over. Not one shred of food, no building materials, but it could be worse. I could be, like, in the minority over here so it is a luxury. That’s the only luxury. (chuckles) The only luxury we have in this new tribe is that you’ve got two people ahead of you in line to be voted off.
7. Tasha (1/4): I am in the minority on this new tribe. But if anyone could survive this, I can. What I learned the first time I played was I’m strong in heart. I’m here to win this game and I’m going to play the cards that I’m dealt.
8. Terry (2/2): Looking at the new tribe, we’ve got three or four number-one draft choices. I couldn’t believe the luck. It was sick! I know that I’m with Kelley so there’s two. We got a working relationship. We don’t have the numbers, but I don’t think we’re going to need the numbers. Eh, you know, a little bit of confidence in there that I-I don’t know if we’re going to lose a challenge.
9. Ciera (1/1): I just feel like I came out so well in the swap. I have Kass, me, Joe and Keith-- all four of us from Bayon. Win or lose, as long as us four stick tight, we have numbers, and we should be just fine.
10. Kelley (1/1): If our tribe loses, Dietz or myself will be on the chopping block. I just have a feeling that the four are gonna stick together for the numbers. The idol is still in my bag, but I’m pushing Terry under the bus, just like kicking him under there. Go under that bus, Terry. (kicks) Go, go. (laughs) Oh, my God.
11. Monica (1/1): Here at-at the new Bayon, we have Jeremy, Kimmi, Stephen and myself. And we are in the majority as the original Bayon members. We also have Spencer and Wiglesworth, which is great because they are in the minority.
12. Stephen (1/3): I love this new tribe. It’s so liberating to not be in, like, “Camp Macho” anymore. I was on the bottom of our tribe and then we swapped and for the first time ever, I know that I’m safe, so I couldn’t be happier.
13. Spencer (3/4): I’m someone who has played pretty logically in the past, but I’ve failed when it comes to understanding emotions of people, and that’s been a huge flaw. And so, I’m trying something new on this tribe. I’m trying to have feelings.
14. Spencer (4/4): I’m trying to approach this game in a way that I can form bonds that will actually be helpful, and that will carry me further. So when I tell Jeremy about something really honest, which is my concerns about, you know, me and my girlfriend, and when I ask him and really truly care about what he says, I want to get to know him because it’s something I haven’t taken the time to do before, and it might just make the difference in my game.
15. Jeremy (1/4): When Spencer joined up, he needed to talk to me. And, uh, it was good to sit down and talk because I think he’s a stand-up guy, like, someone that you can really connect with and trust. He’s funny and, like, I’m digging the kid. He’s alright. I think we could definitely have a bond. I’m not sure how long we’ll keep him, but we can use him for right now. You know, I’ll take that.
16. Tasha (2/4): The first time I played Survivor, I was on Luzon, which is arguably one of the most horrible tribes in Survivor history. I’ve been here before. I know what it’s like not to have food. I know what it’s like not to have shelter. I know what it’s like to-to fight to stay in this game, so this, this is just round two for me.
17. Tasha (3/4): Abi has a little bit of resentment against Peih-Gee for something. That works in my favor. There’s still time left in the day to strategize and converse, and, uh, I’m going to use every minute of it.
18. Abi-Maria (1/2): My old members from Ta Keo wanna do Ta Keo strong, but Peih-Gee and I had some issues back at Ta Keo, and Tasha sort of whispered some sweet nothings in my ears. This is my second chance. I wanna go to the end, so I really, really don’t know what to do.
19. Jeff (1/3): Savage and Tasha want me to come and join them. They will get me to the jury. Isn’t that a lovely invitation? I wanna say, “Hey, you, you, you’re on the bottom.” Those two we could get rid of (snaps fingers) like that. I don’t know if they’re making deals but they’re running up and down the beach and talking to everybody. I need to make sure they are not taking away Abi-Maria and they’re not taking away Peih-Gee, because there’s a lot that could go wrong.
20. Stephen (2/3): Spencer and Wiglesworth, they’re both cozying up to us because it’s four to two right now. So we have an unbeatable advantage, but the idol is somewhere on this island, and it could destroy everything. You know, not only is it a great tool for myself to have, but it’s a real symbol that bonds an alliance together. Wouldn’t it be great if we found this idol for our alliance? That’d be so strong, it would make us strong. I would be in a power position on a strong tribe with people I trust and people I like. So one of us needs to find that idol.
21. Jeremy (2/4): I’m so frustrated looking for that thing. It’s not here, you know what I mean? Is it on the ground? Is it in a tree? Is it high up? Is it in the water? Like, I don’t know nothing. It could be anywhere. But this is my second chance, and I-I feel like I have to work harder this time.
22. Stephen (3/3): The idol’s gotta be somewhere noticeable. It’s gotta be some crazy tree or jagged rock that’s just obvious, but so far it’s not obvious to me. But, you know, gotta keep looking.
23. Jeremy (3/4): It was a little tree full of leaves, and I started digging in it, and it just popped out like, whoop!… Ah! (laughs) I was so pumped.
24. Jeremy (4/4): Finally, finally two season it takes me, and I finally find something, but is it an idol? No, it’s not an idol, it’s a clue to an idol that I have to-- that I have to grab when eighteen people are playing around me. I’m going to make it work. We’re gonna get this thing. I’ma bring this thing home.
25. Jeff (2/3): Tasha called me a rat. I shouldn’t have done that. I’m in the middle of a big ole mess and I gotta figure out a way to get out of it.
26. Andrew (2/3): This morning I thought, “Guaranteed, I’m going home,” but Varner’s meltdown after the challenge, I think painted a huge target on his back. Everyone on this tribe looked at him like, “Oh, my gosh, you can’t be trusted.” I was like a little kid inside just giddy. I couldn’t believe he just handed me ammunition on a silver platter.
27. Peih-Gee (2/3): Does it make sense to join up with Savage and Tasha? Are they really gonna be loyal to us? I want to believe so but you never know and you gotta take everything that desperate people say with a grain of salt.
28. Abi-Maria (2/2): After I saw how unpredictable Varner is, I think that he needs to go next. But Woo did vote for me, and Peih-Gee is sketchy, too. I don’t know how much I can trust her.
29. Peih-Gee (3/3): First of all, where did all this animosity come from? She’s like, “I’m not with you and Woo. I know I’m on the bottom with you guys. I’m voting with them. However they tell me to vote, that’s how I’m voting.” That made up my mind, I wanted her gone.
30. Andrew (3/3): I’m looking at Tasha, she’s looking at me… stunned. It’s so easy to create suspicion or misdirection between Peih-Gee and, uh, Abi. I can't believe how quickly everything changed on this tribe.
31. Jeff (3/3): I came back to this camp thinking I was done, but if I can take this cloud that’s over me right now and sling it over somebody else, I’m gonna do it.
32. Tasha (4/4): Options are opening up. Peih-Gee will be voting Abi, and Abi will be voting Peih-Gee. The thing about Abi is you don’t know what you’re gonna get, and Peih-Gee, she’s indecisive. So it’s hard. It’s a tough decision, but it feels fantastic to have the tables turned. Savage and I were down four to two. All hope seemed lost but here we are making the decisions on who will go home tonight.
1. Jeff (1/3): (laughs) I can’t believe I’m here. I dodged a bullet. I came back from that challenge thinking I was gone, but I did not get one single vote.
2. Jeff (2/3): I am indebted to these people now, which makes me sick. I’ve got to kiss their asses, but this is my second chance, so I’m gonna do what I have to do.
3. Tasha (1/5): I’m feeling great because I came in here bottom two and I initially thought that it would be either Savage or myself going home. But now we’re in control.
4. Andrew (1/5): Aligning with Abi does make me a little nervous because she has deep-rooted insecurities. She has some paranoia, which makes her completely unpredictable.
5. Abi-Maria (1/3): It bothers me to get these votes at Tribal, especially when you’re coming from a tribe like Ta Keo where everyone is plotting to get you out. I feel great that I am in the majority, but I-I have my ears open, and Woo has voted for me twice. And if the decision was up to me, he’s gonna be the next one going home.
6. Jeremy (1/2): In that last Immunity Challenge, I found the Hidden Immunity Idol but I couldn’t even celebrate. Like, I got it, and I’m like… (ecstatic) Ah! I’m so happy. Finally, it took two years to get this thing, but I finally got my idol. It’s a thing of beauty, (chuckles) it’s a thing of beauty. (kisses idol) I love it, I love it!
7. Jeremy (2/2): This is my idol. I’m not telling anybody. So I told Stephen that we gotta really look for this thing because I don’t need him to think that I have it. I want Stephen to think that I’m still looking for it and it’s for us. I wanna keep pulling him close. I know they’re gonna come after me at some point, and I want him to be the one to say, “Listen, they’re coming after you,” and then I got my (holds idol up to camera) get out of jail free card. I would love to be Steve’s J.T. We could be friends for life after this. I’ll give you second place, if you’re happy with that. I’m not happy with second place.
8. Andrew (2/5): Our new camp, no resources, no shelter, nothing. I’ve just been gutted. I mean, I start out it was a Shangri-La. I was top dog with abundance of seafood. Now I am in, literally, a Survivor ghetto. There’s nothing here. This is really, really difficult. It’s not like we’re kicking back and just somebody’s feeding us and we’re sleeping in hammocks. I mean, we are in hell right now.
9. Woo (1/2): It’s a Reward Challenge, which is great ‘cause I’m starting to feel like I’m-I’m kind of withering away. So I’m really excited, but I just don’t know how much we have in our tank to actually pull this off.
10. Andrew (3/5): Part of my demons, from Pearl Islands, is I’ve never stopped thinking, “Did I carry my weight? Did I do enough to get us over the hump?” And today, I gave it everything I had and we won. So vindication for me? Absolutely.
11. Andrew (4/5): After not eating really for four days, you get at wit’s end, so when Jeff said Angkor wins, I almost dropped to my knees, and it’s one of the best moments in Survivor that I’ve ever had. They put a million pounds of faith in me, ‘cause this was everything when you’re starving, and I was able to deliver. This little tribe, now they know we can compete against all those big horses on the other tribes, and that’s huge. That’s a game changer, because now I think we can fire on all cylinders and just not go to Tribal.
12. Kass (1/2): I think if you lost Survivor your first time out, you need to do something differently. I made a big mistake last time in Cagayan. Strategically, I think I played a great game. Socially, I didn’t. Pretty much everyone thought I was gonna come in here and be a little turd and cause them problems, and probably I was at the top of the list of everyone to get out, and I really took that to heart. So I read the book "How To Win Friends and Influence People." And, you know, it says act as sincere as you can, sympathize with people. I know this is bizarre for people to see Chaos Kass out here applying self-help methods, but I knew I needed to look at my gameplay and what I need to do.
13. Kelley (1/1): This morning I wake up, I see Kass over by the tree, and she’s, like, using the machete to cut off beads off her bag. And I’m like, “What is this woman doing?” I don’t trust her. I mean, she nicknamed herself Chaos Kass. Hello! Like, that is her whole thing to, like, do something sneaky, like making a fake Immunity Idol. And then I see her out on the beach, she’s like, “Get away, get away!” So I know she has stuff up her sleeve. She’s Chaos Kass, come on!
14. Kass (2/2): I think the winner of Second Chances will be someone who truly embraces evolution and change, and for me that’s being this more open person.
15. Spencer (1/1): The facts are four Bayon and two former Ta Keo, so I know immediately that Wiglesworth and I are in some degree of trouble, which puts me in a position of having to throw Wiglesworth under the bus. I need to make it clear to my tribe that there are people that Wiglesworth will run back to in the future.
16. Monica (1/1): Spencer says that Kelly Wiglesworth has a ton of people that are in her alliance, but I don’t think he’s being completely truthful. He’s a little bit sneaky, so my first gut reaction was, as women, we should be strong, we should stick together, not only to keep the girl count up in the hopes of maybe doing a girls alliance, um, also to keep the boys count down. So once a challenge is lost, Spencer needs to go first.
17. Andrew (5/5): We went into today thinking we’re gonna just decimate those guys and continue this high high, and we just got thumped by the most physical challenge I’ve ever participated in, so we just hit this rock bottom low low, gotta go to Tribal and send somebody home.
18. Tasha (2/5): Thanks to Abi, Savage and I have fought our way from the bottom to what appears to be the top. However, Abi is unpredictable. She’ll make a decision, she’ll be solid… a few minutes later, she doesn’t know, and that worries me.
19. Jeff (3/3): Clearly, it’s either me or Woo tonight. Abi is so in their laps right now, she’s completely turned her back on both of us. But the one thing that I have working for me is I’ve never voted for Abi, I have saved Abi twice. So if Abi’s the one making all the calls here, I might just squeak by another one.
20. Abi-Maria (2/3): Woo pitched his case and it’s not something that I consider because he says that he wants to work with me, but then he kind of, like, stabs me behind my back. And I’m going with people that value my personality and what I bring to the table.
21. Woo (2/2): I tried to rekindle our relationship with Abi, but she was pretty upset. You know, I did write her name down twice, and, um, she does have a grudge, and if she’s looking for some retaliation or vengeance upon me, then I could be facing a lot of trouble going into Tribal tonight.
22. Tasha (3/5): Abi is totally fixated on, “I don’t trust Woo. Woo wrote my name down twice.” But the thing is, Woo can help us win challenges. But Abi is just contrary. You say it’s blue, she’ll say it’s yellow.
23. Tasha (4/5): What scares me is Varner is very manipulative, and at any moment he could work his magic, and now I’ve lost Abi.
24. Tasha (5/5): Abi’s like the pivotal piece to this puzzle and we might have to do whatever she wants, otherwise Abi’s going to be pissed.
25. Abi-Maria (3/3): Tonight I have a huge decision. And it all comes down to winning challenges versus trust and loyalty. (sighs) And I hate having to… be the decision maker.
1. Woo (1/3): I’m here. I get a chance to live to fight another day, and I’m absolutely psyched. Four Tribals in eleven days is something I’ll never get used to, and hoping I can postpone some of those Tribals now that we have a strong team. But if we don’t get our act together soon, man, all four of us could be gone.
2. Abi-Maria (1/2): The decision was up to me. It was either Varner or Woo and I kept Woo. (sighs) I don’t like feeling like people owe me anything, but, um, if he writes my name down again, he’s dead to me. (smiles)
3. Tasha (1/2): Six days ago, I was like, this is mission impossible-- not just the conditions, but the mental toughness it takes to fight your way from the bottom to the top. But that’s part of the game and I’m playing it and I will continue to play it until my situation changes.
4. Monica (1/3): Kimmi, Wiglesworth and I like to get up, and we go clamming, and we go crabbing. We bring home the protein for the boys. We’re the gatherers and we’re fine with it, ‘cause as women, we should be strong, we should stick together.
5. Monica (2/3): I know that Kimmi is trying to gather as much of the big, big clams as possible, but I’m trying to push Kimmi to not really grab as much as possible all the time because we could be here for another 27 days, and if we keep just eating everything in the water, there’s not going to be a lot left. That’s a big difference now with this second chance is that I’m not living day-to-day, I’m more looking at the end of the game and I still have to keep my options open because there’s a whole other game out there.
6. Kimmi (1/2): (deep breath) I really need to practice my patience a little bit more because Monica is wearing my patience very thin. “A bird in the hand is worth more than two in the bush.” I mean, doesn’t she know these things?! I-I-- I just… (sighs) (mockingly) We don’t need to eat food. (mockingly) No, just leave it back in the ocean ‘cause we’re gonna go and deplete the whole entire ocean of its supply of food. I’m-- I… (sighs) No… No, pumpkin, no. You know what? If my biggest problem out here is Monica, then I’m doing okay. Instead of me being so emotional in my reactions, I try not to make waves. I just have to remember, self-control, I’m older and wiser, but I’m not used to having somebody else giving me their opinion where it’s not welcomed.
7. Terry (1/1): Winning has been the elixir. It has been the confidence builder. We end up winning chairs with pads in ‘em. We got a nice hammock, we got pillows, fresh fruit. This is like a tropical camping trip. We have all the food we need, and if we don’t, we go into the (points to sea) grocery store right out there and we catch some. I’m enjoying myself. This is great!
8. Joe (1/1): The difference from last time to this time of playing in my second chance is that I’m trying to pull in as many people as I can in order to have numbers going into a merge situation because I’m still feeling like I’m the biggest threat. But I’m definitely playing the first half of the game much better than the last time I played.
9. Kelley (1/1): There’s a solid five, with Deitz put on the outside. And personally, I’ve been pushing Terry under the bus since the switch. So, I really like the group of five minus Deitz.
10. Keith (1/1): This is a whole different ballgame for me. That was sort of my problem my season-- I never hooked up with nobody and now I got four other down there. This is the first time ever somebody has come to Keith and said let’s do this with these five people, not just two people. Two people ain’t going to get you nowhere, but five, yeah, could bring you all the way to the end.
11. Spencer (1/3): It seems like the trend has been we win immunity and we lose reward. Today we lost, and I was really hungry. So Jeremy and I took the boat to get out there and fish. The four original Bayon are still very strong, and Wiglesworth and I are on the outs, but Jeremy is very, very real. He’s a straight-up guy and we can bond and actually become a close unit that could be a force later in the game. I came into Survivor the first time as a superfan and I would watch these guys like Ozzy, or even Joe, fish and spearfish and provide for their tribe. And I guess, I always saw myself as kind of an awkward, geeky kid who couldn’t do those things. But here I am doing those things. I feel like I’m not enjoying Survivor by proxy anymore, I’m living it. It’s like one of those Survivor dreams that I thought about for a long time that I’m finally doing. It was a cool moment and I felt proud.
12. Woo (2/3): Second place to us is first place. The victory was great, both, uh, morally and spiritually for us. I’m sitting here at a second chance, and I’m definitely using my mom as a big inspiration to push forward.
13. Woo (3/3): (tearfully) To see someone like that… (pauses) to go through what she did and… and never give up because she loved us, and there’s no way she wanted to let us go. You know, to me that’s-that’s huge inspiration to, you know, keep fighting for what you want. My mom got a second chance, so I’m definitely playing this game for my mom and for everyone that’s voted for me, too, ‘cause without them, you know, I wouldn’t have a second life at this game.
14. Abi-Maria (2/2): Woo, just kind of annoyed me a little bit. I think that Woo is totally using that story to sway people his way. Sure he might have had the situation happen to his mom and I feel for him, but, hey, I had, like, a tendon transplant on my knee. (laughs) If that, you know-- I have someone else’s part of their body inside me, too.
15. Tasha (2/2): Woo and Abi are like night and day. Abi takes everything in me to just be around her. She’s always worried. It takes work working with Abi. Woo, Woo will take walking orders, like, the minute before Tribal and be cool. Abi, unh unh, she won’t do that. In a merge situation, it’s gonna be twice as hard to maneuver with Abi. She’s a time bomb, but again, she’s kept me in this game, so I don’t want to make an emotional decision and cut her loose. I want to make the right decision for my game, but for the-- my sanity, I might have to.
16. Spencer (2/3): It’s become clear that it’s Wiglesworth and I battling to see who goes home. The four original Bayon are still very strong, and that’s a tough nut to crack. I hope that at least some of the bonds I have… stick.
17. Jeremy (1/2): There’s four original Bayon and then it’s Wigles and Spencer that are on the outs. So all I’m thinking is, who do I trust more, going into this game? Like, do I trust Spencer to go with me or could I trust Wiglesworth?
18. Spencer (3/3): Being the guy on the bottom, which I’m used to being, I had to crash conversations. I basically just wanted to check in and make sure the plan was to vote out Wiglesworth. My instinct as a somewhat anxious guy, check in, check in, check in, make sure I’m good, make sure I’m good, but these people are looking for loyalty, and a lot becomes based on how people feel about you. It becomes paramount that you come off as sincere, calm, confident, so it goes against every part of me that loves this game, but I have to play it cool.
19. Monica (3/3): I’m not sure if I want to get rid of Wiglesworth. I think that keeping Wiglesworth around might actually benefit my game in the hopes of maybe doing a girl’s alliance.
20. Kimmi (2/2): We have four original Bayon and these are our roots. Now all of a sudden, Monica is looking for an all-girls thing. I have no idea where that girl is going and she’s going to ruin a really good thing. Monica playing Survivor, she’s just a liability because she’s a loose cannon and she’d be a flipper. My whole entire ambition is to get to the end, and there are gonna be casualties. Monica is not playing for the Bayon tribe. Monica is playing for Monica. And she will go and step on every single one of us thinking, like she owns us. And you know what? The joke’s gonna be on her.
21. Jeremy (2/2): Monica’s just-- I don’t know what Monica’s doing. Like, why would you go and tell Kimmi we need to keep the girl’s numbers? Like, why would you do that? So it would be could to see Monica go home off of that.
22. Stephen (1/1): Jeremy, Kimmi and I need to decide tonight like which way we’re going to go, and this could have a really long lasting impact on our whole game. If we take out Monica, we’re betraying all of Bayon, our original tribe. And then, who knows what’ll happen if we swap or merge. That might violate a lot of bonds of trust we’ve established. In a sense, Monica and Wiglesworth are liabilities in the same way. You can’t count on Monica at all-- she’s gonna flip and flop all over the beach. And Wiglesworth also has a lot of ties to old Ta Keo. Getting rid of her now would make a lot of sense. So it’s hard to weigh which one is more dangerous.
1. Kass (1/6): I think you have to be a parent to understand how devastating it would be to be out here and get a call that your child is sick and you need to get home. (deep sigh) I just can’t imagine. To have someone have to go home like this it’s worse than a medevac. It’s worse than anything you can imagine in Survivor. It’s just a reminder how quickly things can change.
2. Kass (2/6): I feel for him. He’s a good dad. We’re gonna keep him in our thoughts and hope for the best and hopefully when he gets home, it’s all good.
3. Andrew (1/4): Three most beautiful words in this world for me, “Drop your buff.” (chuckles)
4. Woo (1/3): So I notice that Savage has Ta Keo. I was more than pleased because if I had to choose one person that I’m most closest to, hands down, it’s got to be Savage.
5. Spencer (1/6): There have been two swaps now. There are so many past relationships, I cannot fathom how people could group together. It is a cluster… expletive!
6. Spencer (2/6): Kass and I have feuded, and at times, we’ve hated each other. So how I can get along with my arch nemesis is going to determine how this game goes for me.
7. Stephen (1/4): The switch worked out perfectly for me for right now. We have an obvious target with Wentworth, but I still have a sense of being at risk because there are a lot of big alpha guys here. That’s terrifying to me.
8. Andrew (2/4): Looking at the complexion of my tribe, I couldn’t have been happier. I got Abi and Woo, after what we went through in Angkor, we’re rock solid. And if I can just regroup with my Bayon folks, Kass and Ciera, that’s the most perfect equation you can imagine. I’m not going anywhere.
9. Spencer (3/6): Coming into the new Ta Keo tribe I was thinking about the awesome meal I was about to eat, but in the back of my mind, kind of nagging at me was, “How the hell is this tribe going to work out for me?”
10. Spencer (4/6): When Kass and I had to actually do the seemingly impossible and interact, it was a little awkward. It was a little cagey. Genuinely, I didn’t know what to make of it. So I just tried to treat her like everyone else, but that’s never worked for me in the past with Kass.
11. Andrew (3/4): What we went through in Angkor was so traumatizing that having that victory and the food was one of the most beautiful moments in my life, honestly. It sounds silly… absolutely beautiful moment. So as soon as I looked at those other six, first thing I thought was, “I got five.” Two of the old Bayon with Kass and Ciera, and I got my Angkors. Spencer’s this wonderful kid. Honestly, if I had a son, I‘d like him to be like Spencer. Big heart, super bright. I love the kid, but I’ll tell you this, and it sounds really cold, I know deep down inside Kass can’t stand Spencer, and I am going to use that to my advantage in the game.
12. Kass (3/6): I would love to get rid of Spencer again. I didn’t want Spencer on my tribe. I-I wanted to play Second Chances without the Bledsoe.
13. Ciera (1/2): Savage says, “We’re going to send Spencer home and tell him that it’s going to be me to go home.” (scoffs) Me?! Like, hold the phone! It shows a huge sign of where his trust lies that he would rather throw me under the bus than Woo. You know, Woo is not original Bayon. Whenever you hear your name being brought up, it is never a good thing. I want to be a team player. There are certain times I’m willing to take things for the team-- this is not one of those times.
14. Joe (1/1): After the tribe swap, strategically, I’m in a good spot. I’ve got an original alliance of Bayon, and over at the Ta Keo camp myself, Kass, Ciera, Kelley, and Keith all kind of made a pact, so I want to keep Kelley around so that I have numbers at the merge.
15. Kelley (1/1): I know I’m the easy vote. Like, I’m not oblivious to it. But I do have an Immunity Idol, and if Joe wants to protect me, I’m-- like, I’m going to hide behind him as long as I can. I mean, Joe, thank you.
16. Stephen (2/4): The old Bayon is all saying, “Let’s stick Bayon together.” Joe is saying, “No, let’s keep Wentworth and target Kimmi.” He is already trying to get our core alliance to turn on each other. So Joe actually flipped on the Bayon alliance, and this is Survivor, you gotta take action.
17. Jeremy (1/1): Steve is definitely digging his heels in and he wants Joe out. But I need a shield. I need Joe around as long as possible. I do not want to be the biggest guy out here.
18. Stephen (3/4): You know, at the Reward Challenge, Jeremy’s like, “Man, you just gotta have confidence. You know, you need to believe in yourself.” And you know what? Like, I’m putting everything into winning Survivor. That doesn’t manifest itself in challenges. I know that I’m not good in those. I’m good at other things. You know, in terms of the strategic moves, that to me is what this game is about. It’s about the social strategy. It’s about building alliances and maintaining alliances and targeting the right person at the right time.
19. Stephen (4/4): If I can’t get my alliance to make that move with me, I have failed. You know, like, you don’t get a lot of shots taking out your major competition and, you know… what actually works me up… (pauses and breaks into tears) it’s-- Oh, my God. I can’t believe I’m getting teary. Is the idea that, like, you know, I would, I would miss this-- Oh, my God. This is so silly… (pauses and regains composure) That I would miss the second chance. I would miss my-my-- (pauses) You know, I’ve-I’ve put so much into it last time, but I still came up short. And I’m putting (voice breaks) so much into it this time. (cries) And the idea that I would come up short because I just couldn’t get my crew to take the shot that we needed to take. Like, I’ve been kicking myself, you know, for so many years just for not getting rid of the golden boy last time. But to just wait for the game to come to you and pass you by, like, that would be a real loss for me, to not take control of the game when we have the chance. God, it would be such a great move. It would be such a great move. This would be the move that set the tenor for the whole season.
20. Kass (4/6): Tribal Council tonight and I would love to get rid of Spencer again and if he was the first person whose name I wrote down, I’d be more than happy to write a sad face on his card and send him on his way. Spencer Bledsoe, 0% chance of winning this game. (thunder in distance)
21. Woo (2/3): We lost the challenge and now we’ve gotta face Tribal Council. We already talked about who we wanted to take out if we ended up at Tribal. So as of now, if everything goes according to plan, we’re all going to vote Spencer.
22. Woo (3/3): To come here at Ta Keo and to be amongst the majority of the alliance, feels like I’m finally in tune with this game, and I-- and I get to-- get to play.
23. Spencer (5/6): I am kind of on the outs as far as being in the know. But I’ve been wanting to play with Savage this whole time. I think he’s just a really good guy and someone that I can trust.
24. Andrew (4/4): It’s unbelievably hard for me to put up Spencer like this. He’s a great kid, but nothing’s getting in the way of my second chance. So tonight everyone’s voting Spencer. He’s voting Ciera. This is going to be one of the most devastating, unexpected blindsides in the history of Survivor. I mean business. This is my second chance-- I’m not getting a third chance. This is it.
25. Ciera (2/2): I definitely had a wake-up call when Terry went home. It is my second chance. It could be my last chance and I want to go for it full on so I can go home to my family and say, “Hey, I gave it my all.”
26. Kass (5/6): So Ciera wants to get rid of Woo. I didn’t want to play with Spencer. I was glad not to be on a tribe with him all this time. And when everyone said let’s do Spencer first, it was almost just being served up to me. But then you have to step back. Is there a better use for Spencer right now?
27. Spencer (6/6): If what Kass is saying is true, that Savage is considering me as a target, I’m left having to figure out where to run. I guess I’m bunking with the devil tonight. I might have to play with Kass.
28. Kass (6/6): There’s two ideas floating out there. Savage, Wiglesworth and Woo think Spencer is going home, and Spencer, Abi, and Ciera believe Woo is going home. I have the opportunity to write down Spencer and say goodbye. As I sit here right now, I could still do that if I wanted to because of how the votes are. It’s my first Tribal of my second chance. Which Kass is coming? Is it Calm Kass or is it Chaos Kass? The little angel (gestures to right shoulder) and the devil (gestures to left shoulder). They’re each on my shoulder. Spencer (gestures to right shoulder), Woo (gestures to left shoulder). Calm (gestures to left shoulder), Chaos (gestures to right shoulder)! It’s there! What’s gonna happen?! I don’t even know!
1. Andrew (1/11): It was a very tough night for me. I go to Tribal, I thought it was a lock. They didn’t include me… and they’re incredible liars. I thought I could read people pretty well. (shakes head) I mean, they’re professionals. These folks are professional.
2. Andrew (2/11): I feel the most betrayed by Kass. I thought she was really strong with the Bayons, but after last night she became a Ta Keo. And I’m not going to go down without a fight. (expletive censor) them. Pieces of (expletive censor).
3. Andrew (3/11): There’s a merge coming. If I have to bite my tongue, act like a wimpy little non-leader, under the radar screen kind of guy, which is the antithesis of me, I’ll do it. I need to get to that merge.
4. Spencer (1/5): Savage is feeling foolish and he’s feeling guilty because he got caught red handed trying to blindside me, but I’m going to have to make peace because I’m actually making relationships this time that have saved me. Kass and I went against each other in Cagayan a lot, but this time I actually have to rely on Kass. I truly have changed and progressed in this game, and that’s why I’m here today.
5. Tasha (1/3): You know, I’m a fan of Survivor. This early? Couldn’t be a merge. It’s usually nine or ten people. If it is a merge situation, my Brains tribe from Cagayan would be back together with myself, Kass, and Spencer. We have some good history-- we work together, but we have some bad history, too. So I’m really nervous.
6. Ciera (1/3): Does this mean a merge? I’m really nervous that with Savage, he was really disappointed that we lied to him. You know, it makes me nervous to take somebody like that to the merge.
7. Andrew (4/11): Let this twist be something beautiful… a beautiful merge! It’s my dream to make the merge. I’ve suffered. I am praying to the Survivor gods, stronger than you can imagine, that today is something really good like a merge and I’m back with my Bayon brothers. Please… please, please.
8. Joe (1/5): We head over the hill, and all of a sudden, I look out and I see this little tribe of the Ta Keos. I’m thinking, “Thirteen? There’s no way it can be a merge. That’s such a big number!”
9. Joe (2/5): So everyone’s excited, but we’re like, “Uh-oh, (chuckles) there’s a lot of people here!” Once you make the merge, you know things are about to change. Whole new game. Game on! This is Day 1 again. It’s dangerous… but it’s fun.
10. Kelley (1/3): I’m so excited. I’m just, like, freaking out inside. I mean, I didn’t make the merge last time, which was, like, my goal number one, so to at least make the merge this time, it’s like, “Okay, I’ve hit one step of, like, where I wanted to be.” But, you know, I want to push through, and I want to get to end. There’s one winner. One person gets a million dollars at the end of Survivor. Like, I came here to play.
11. Kass (1/7): Last night I pretty much decided to save Spencer, and I feel like Spencer really trusts me because of, you know, supporting him and not lying to him. So I can play that card with Spencer. I’m the one who saved him.
12. Stephen (1/1): I was just sitting there, like, primed. You know, I was like, ready to pounce because everyone knew that as soon as that feast broke up, it was going to be chaos. You gotta hit the ground running in new-school Survivor. You need to make an alliance of seven right now to get to the majority for this first vote.
13. Andrew (5/11): I am the happiest man alive right now back at my home, my original home, Bayon.
14. Andrew (6/11): Wiglesworth has told me she has my back. She wasn't in the original Bayon, but Wiglesworth is-is hugely loyal from what I can tell and we need seven. So from a numbers standpoint, I have to do everything I can to go after Joe-- just reconfirm that he would like to be part of the Bayons.
15. Kelley (2/3): Right now I am working with Kass, Ciera, Keith and hopefully we have Joe, because when I was back at the old Ta Keo camp, we had made, like, a final five deal. Kass thinks we have Abi, but then I have Spencer and Joe, who are a little bit of a wild card. Like, I do want to talk to them to see exactly where they are, because I need to make sure, like, if they’re on board. It’s very clear right now Spencer and Joe, they’re going to be power players who are in control of this game. This is it. It’s so important.
16. Andrew (7/11): I was doing the numbers last night, and it made me realize it’s critical that I reconnect with Joe face to face and just confirm how strong our bond is because we need him. My pitch today is we can do this. Just stick together, we’ve got the numbers. It’s really, really simple.
17. Joe (3/5): Savage is really playing this game with his heart and he’s really wearing it on his sleeve, and I think that I can trust him, but I had a plan back with Ta Keo, so I’m not limiting my options in this game.
18. Kelley (3/3): I haven’t been Spencer for a long time. So I just wanted to check in with him to make sure that he would potentially want to work with me.
19. Spencer (2/5): Right now there’s two warring groups and apparently, Joe and I are smack dab in the middle. Joe is a guy that I wouldn’t mind sticking with and swinging with in that perhaps I could even make a move with down the road.
20. Spencer (3/5): Joe and I were talking through who is aligned with who. So I tried to put things in Joe language and say, “All right, Joe, it’s like a football play. We have the lines in the sand, and there’s this person and this person and this person.”
21. Kass (2/7): I feel that there’s a bro-down going on in Bayon. They’re all together. And I think I have the most connections and I’m probably most likely to pull in the numbers we need to go against the Savage-Jeremy-Stephen clan over there.
22. Tasha (2/3): I had a conversation with Kass, and I felt like she was fishing for information, but I know Kass is working with Ta Keo. So I figured I’d just give her a bogus story about my alliance.
23. Tasha (3/3): Kass was the reason for me going home the first time I played. I put my trust in Kass, and what did she do? She flipped. And this is Second Chances, there is no way I will allow Kass another opportunity to ruin my game.
24. Kass (3/7): I tried to talk to Tasha and I was telling the truth, but didn't get the same sincerity. And it was very clear-- she doesn’t trust me. She never trusted me. She’s still hung up on Cagayan. This is our second chance. This is it! Don’t mess with my second chance. You just unleashed the beast.
25. Kass (4/7): I know Tasha can be a firecracker, and I’m definitely ready to rumble. It’s really the original Bayon people that are gonna run this show unless someone here is willing to upset the applecart. God forbid it’s Chaos Kass that actually does that.
26. Kass (5/7): Tasha planted all these seeds of deception and I don’t think it was smart of her. She’s played right into my hands. I could tell all of her little allies, “Tasha told me bye-bye, Bayon.”
27. Kass (6/7): I wanna win Second Chance, and if I have to use Chaos Kass, I will.
28. Ciera (2/3): Tasha walks in with Kass and it created chaos around camp about how people are turning on each other. But I can use that for my advantage. There’s definitely a strong group of old Bayon. So I wanted to plant a little bit of doubt and break them up. Let’s lie to them and see how that plays out.
29. Andrew (8/11): Tasha and Kass are just going at it, but then suddenly, Ciera was saying something about me. Dude, you just woke up a raging bull.
30. Andrew (9/11): You got a really nasty, rabid, two-headed dragon right now that’s wreaking havoc in our beautiful little tribe, and we’re going to take one of the heads and just lop it off.
31. Joe (4/5): Big decision tonight. I’ve been put in a spot where myself and Spencer are big swing votes, and all I know is I’m glad I have the necklace, because whoo!, it’s going to be one hell of a Tribal.
32. Andrew (10/11): First Immunity Challenge, I just wanted to win. I just want to make a statement. You got these young studs and I just wanted to show that I can hang with them. But Kass and Ciera didn’t win immunity. The ringleader was Kass with Ciera right behind her. They’re coming up with lies, they’re almost believable and that’s what’s so dangerous about them. But from my perspective, I’d rather have Ciera go. I will never forget what Ciera did and in my mind, she’s done.
33. Andrew (11/11): For this vote, I’d rather have Ciera go. She is so dangerous. For me she’s public enemy number one and-and has to go.
34. Joe (5/5): At this point, if the majority wants Kass, sometimes it’s best to just go with the majority, because Kass is almost a little ruthless and little bit haphazard, and that scares me.
35. Spencer (4/5): I’ve been conflicted about which way to go, but I feel the numbers going where they’re going, and not stopping to wait for me. Kass was the only person on the last vote that was willing to play with me, and even though I want to save her, I’m not sure I can.
36. Jeremy (1/1): It looks like everybody is voting Kass. But Kass could have an idol, you know what I mean? Like, it’s-it’s always good to split votes.
37. Keith (1/1): I hate to say this, you know, but if they want Kass gone, I’m down for it. She stirs up a lot of bickering, and at this point, yeah, I-I’d just soon let her go.
38. Kass (7/7): I should have anticipated this. It started with Tahsa. Now I think Keith’s going with the majority. They have the majority so they might split the vote, and if I can get five people to agree to vote Tash, Tasha’s gone.
39. Ciera (3/3): Being second-time players, I think I’ll understand they could be splitting the votes. And after the huge blown-out fight today, there is a definite chance that it could be me going home tonight. Ideally, I would love if Kass can get Spencer and so that we could make a move before it’s too late.
40. Spencer (5/5): There will a vote split tonight between Kass, Ciera and Tasha. My decision tonight is gonna determine who goes home. I always thought Tasha as a friend, but Kass and Ciera actually had my back and saved me. My luck has truly turned around. I have never been in this position before to influence the game.
1. Andrew (1/4): Last Tribal Council was unbelievable. My first goal on Survivor: make the jury. I’m like, “Wow, I did it.” It’s not often in life that you have these really huge, hunking dreams that you carry for years and years, and then suddenly it happens. Now it’s Day 20. My job is to keep my alliance solid, kind of old school and just stay the course, pick off the Cieras and Abis and Wentworths.
2. Andrew (2/4): I know they’re planning a big move. I can see it in their eyes. And the trick is to figure out who they’re trying to get out and try to offset it as best we can.
3. Ciera (1/4): At this point, I’m on the bottom of this totem pole, so I’m gonna be throwing anything I can throw and trying to get somebody to, you know, catch on to it. And I think Stephen wants to make big moves. I just think he’s waiting for the right time and it’s all about convincing Stephen that this is the right time.
4. Stephen (1/6): Ciera’s clearly in a bad position, but we actually have one thing in common. You know, we’re-we’re both gonna make the moves that we need to make to get ourselves into a winning position. Ciera wants to flip the game on its head and I do, too. I don’t want to sit around and be, you know, run over by a bunch of bros. It’s time to do something here. It’s time to go for someone who's a real threat to win this game.
5. Stephen (2/6): The thought of Joe and the girls being able to work together is terrifying because I want to get rid of him, but this gives them the chance to get into his head, and that could ruin everything.
6. Kelley (1/3): Getting to the reward, they drove us in on this little, uh… I don’t know what they’re called-- this is like bike things. And, like, we walk in this, like, cool little café.
7. Kimmi (1/1): I was so super excited. It was my first time ever going on a reward with food either season. So it was so super special for me. It was nice to get just a little glimpse of what life is like outside the game for just a little while.
8. Ciera (2/4): Rewards are extremely important. It gives you perfect time, in a relaxing scenario, to talk strategy. When people have a second to relax a little bit and then you hit them with it, they can maybe see the light of day. So I really look at it as an opportunity to plant a few more seeds and build a few more relationships.
9. Ciera (3/4): At this point, I don’t have anything to lose. So I’m fishing. I’m just letting that line out and waiting for anybody to take the bait hoping that somebody out there wants to play the same game I’m playing.
10. Joe (1/6): I’m with the Bayons. I’ve proved my loyalty to them so they know I’m riding with them, but Ciera is right. I know that they’re tight. I know they don’t want me with them at some point.
11. Joe (2/6): People will only be loyal so long, and I myself am only going to be loyal so long. So it’s just a matter of making sure I make a move at the right time with the right people.
12. Keith (1/1): We don’t have no beach in Louisiana that you can roll up on to, so this is a once-in-a-lifetime deal. Here I am driving a tuk tuk on the beach in Cambodia with my buddies, hauling ‘em around like a taxi driver. This is a heck of an adventure. I oughta get my driver’s license-- Cambodia driver’s license. That would be something slick. You call, we’ll haul. Just call me up and I’ll come get ya.
13. Stephen (3/6): Typically on Survivor, I always tell myself, the reward doesn’t matter, but for some reason this loss today, this loss of food, this loss of a chance to bond, this loss of energy for later in the game just really set me off.
14. Stephen (4/6): The people who I need to make a big move, they’re off on the reward bonding with Joe, and Joe is the enemy. That could be terrible for me. That’s my nightmare. So, like, see it pulled out of my grasp again, you know, because of some stupid food Reward Challenge.
15. Jeremy (1/2): Since Day 1, Stephen has been trying to get Joe out and I was reluctant because I lose out on Joe as a shield. But every time Joe wins, it just keeps getting that bullseye bigger and bigger on his back. So the first time Joe loses, he could be going home.
16. Stephen (5/6): This all goes back to losing to J.T. I just don’t want to be the guy who is pulled til the end as a goat, you know? But that means I have to get in the-- in the the front seat and drive.
17. Spencer (1/1): Stephen wants Joe out and he’s doing what he needs to do to get it done. Any time you go into Immunity Challenge, whatever it is, Joe is a good bet to win. So, you’d be crazy not to vote him out the second you get a chance.
18. Andrew (3/4): Today I heard Stephen trying to put together a blindside of Joe. The scheming, lying, deceit it’s disgusting because I’ve got a great alliance with Joe. I love the guy, so he’s not going anywhere. And if I gotta go toe to toe with Stephen, bring it on.
19. Joe (3/6): This morning Savage told me that Stephen is gunning for me. No surprise. He’s a smart guy and I know I’m a threat. So I knew this was coming but I didn’t expect it so soon. At this point, I trust Savage. I feel like he’s looking out for my best interests, but if Stephen has rallied the numbers to vote me out, if I don’t win immunity, I’m gone.
20. Joe (4/6): Thank God I won immunity. I know my name is being floated around everywhere, so let’s go get Stephen ‘cause he threw my name out there. So, we need to get him out.
21. Stephen (6/6): I’m so frustrated. I have been working on getting Joe out since the game began, and once again he wins freakin’ immunity. It’s like ‘Moby Dick’. Joe is my white whale, and I’m Ahab on my crazy monomaniacal quest to eliminate Joe, and he keeps evading us.
22. Joe (5/6): Voting out Stephen would be a pretty big move, but for me, it’s pretty simple: Stephen is throwing my name out there, so we need to get rid of him. And I’m gonna use the three girls who are on the bottom to do it.
23. Kelley (2/3): Ciera, Abi and myself, we’re on the bottom, so I thought that I was totally screwed. Then out of nowhere, Joe tells me, “Hey, we’re gonna blindside Fishbach.” I’m like, “Fantastic! Love it!” This is huge. And it’s true, I have an idol, but I don’t wanna have to use it this early in the game if I don’t have to.
24. Jeremy (2/2): Savage, now he wants to take out Stephen because he’s been trying to get rid of Joe. But I just feel like that would be a bad move for me because Stephen’s been with me for twenty days and I’ve been building trust with him. So I want Stephen to come with me far into this game, because once the big guys start going at each other, I wanna have all the bullets.
25. Andrew (4/4): As a lawyer, I pleaded my case, and I’m used to kind of getting what I want, and I didn’t, so I’m-I’m disappointed, but Jeremy made a valid point. Those two girls are dangerous. So we just have to figure out which is going home tonight.
26. Joe (6/6): I’m thinking, “Okay. It’s going to be Stephen. I’m just going to reconfirm with everybody.” But Stephen, apparently has more connections in this game than I realized.
27. Kelley (3/3): One minute we’re going to blindside Fishbach and the next thing I know, that plan has totally fallen aside. Joe will not grow a pair of (expletive censor), so, like, he’s dead to me. But the great thing about Tribal is that it’s not over til it’s over.
28. Ciera (4/4): I’ve been begging these people to wake up, to play the game, but I’m playing with a bunch of people who don’t want to make moves. So at this point I am scared for my life. I guess I’m hoping for a miracle at Tribal Council, ideally.
1. Kelley (1/3): I was going to explode at Tribal, holy smoke. “Hi! I’m Kelley Wentworth, and I just idoled Andrew Savage out of Survivor: Second Chance. Thank you.” I feel like I’ve come so far from Blood vs. Water to where I am now here. I just feel like I’m a different person. I wanted to take risks and make moves. It’s like the best feeling I’ve had out here in 21 days.
2. Stephen (1/10): Kimmi is calling Ciera, Wentworth and Abi the three witches. It’s just like the Three Witches from ‘Macbeth’ who are stirring their cauldron, you know, “Boil, boil, toil and trouble.” Abi is Boil, right? She’s hotheaded. Ciera is Toil, “Let’s make a move, let’s make a move!” And Wentworth is Trouble. She’s bringing out idols. I don’t want to be like King Duncan who gets killed in the night. I want to be the one doing the killing in the night. Those witches are brewing something, they're brewing-brewing something epic. But how do I get the witches to make the potion that’s right for me?
3. Jeremy (1/9): Savage going home screws me. I had another man that nobody really likes that I knew that was a-a shield for me. But even though I trust Stephen and I have one idol to protect me, I need two idols because they’re coming after me. I gotta look. I gotta bust my behind again! Like, “Oh, my God!”
4. Joe (1/2): Gotta find that Hidden Immunity Idol because now people are really going, “Okay, Joe’s won two immunities. He’s gotta go. He loses, he’s gotta go.” You know, I spent thirty minutes today looking for the Hidden Immunity Idol. That’s going to be crucial to my survival. I just don’t know where it is.
5. Abi-Maria (1/1): I run into Joe looking for an idol. He knows that he’s in trouble, and he’s nervous, and I love it.
6. Kelley (2/3): It’s like, there is this group of eight that’s voting together, supposedly. But there’s paranoia within the eight, which is great for me. Like, I am so hoping that people are finally ready to get this game started. My Lord, please let’s have a big move at the next Tribal!
7. Jeremy (2/9): We weren’t even close. It was embarrassing. And like, this whole day is a-a waste of a day. This is a bad one. Last night was bad-- Savage went home. Today is bad. It goes up and down. Today’s a down.
8. Joe (2/2): We had an amazing reward-- massages, a fresh shower. Food in this game-- so valuable. It keeps your mind right, keeps your body right. Going into an Immunity Challenge, it’s a competitive edge over everybody else that we have a little more in the tank.
9. Ciera (1/2): There is definitely strategy going into the reward. It gives you a-a little bit more of alone time with a different group of people that maybe you wouldn’t get in camp.
10. Stephen (2/10): As the game moves on, you have fewer and fewer votes, and you need to use every one of those votes strategically. And Wentworth, Abi and Ciera, they are working harder than the dominant alliance ‘cause they’re desperate. So, I mean, those are the ones who deserve to be here.
11. Stephen (3/10): In this season of Survivor, everyone sees the hierarchy and everyone wants to flip it on its head. So, you know, to play this old school game where we’re in an alliance of five, and that five has a four within it, and a three within it, and a two within it, like, it’s just not going to hold. It’s going to get dissolved.
12. Stephen (4/10): I think that there’s voting blocs that make sense for the moment, and the next day that could be completely out the window. I think this is moving much faster and very different than the game has ever in the past.
13. Jeremy (3/9): I’m pissed off that we lost, and not that we just lost, because we lost by so much. We just got crushed. But with only five other people, they’re cooking and talking and everything, they’re going to let me go and leave me alone, and I went and looked for the idol. I wanted to check Tree Mail. And I’m digging around Tree Mail and everything, and nothing around there. The first idol I got was in a tree under leaves, so I was like, “There’s a huge tree at Tree Mail.”
14. Jeremy (4/9): When I turned around, like, it was just staring at me.
15. Jeremy (5/9): (reading clue) “But it will require you to be sly and inconspicuous. Tonight, after everyone else lies down to go to sleep, you’ll make your move. Follow the map and look for the lantern. There you will find the security you seek.” (shows map to camera) So it’s like the same trail that we did for the merge.
16. Jeremy (6/9): As soon as the moon goes down, the team that won came back from their spa treatment. And, uh, everybody is usually in the bed ready for bed. So I was like, “This is gonna be so easy. I’ll just get up. They’re not going to be watching me.” But, um, and I’m like, “This is ridiculous.” Everybody is by the fire, hanging out, like, no one ever-- they never ever do this. So it was crazy. Finally, I’m just like… Then I just made a dash for it. You know, I just took off. It was pitch black There’s rocks, there’s trees, there’s…  like, I don’t even know what’s out there. There’s snakes and everything and I’m just like, smacking branches out of my face. From a distance, I see a little glow. So I kind of took off after it. Idols this season, there’s no two idols that look the same. And, um, hanging from the lantern was this beautiful thing (shows idol to camera). With two idols I can be, like, a little bit more aggressive.
17. Jeremy (7/9): Val’s my wife. Like, Val is my best friend, you know, I can’t keep it bottled up anymore. Like, and I’m doing it all for her. (tearfully) I just want to make her life a little easier. I want to make J and Cam’s life a little easier. (sniffles) And I want to make my next child’s life a little easier. (sniffles and wipes away tears) Like, I don’t even know if it’s a boy or a girl, and, like, that’s been bothering me a little bit. Like, I know people are after me, and I gotta figure out when I can use these idols ‘cause I gotta use them at the right time. I just want Val to win, you know? I just want Val to win. Like, she deserves it more than me, you know? (sniffles and wipes away tears) Man…
18. Stephen (5/10): Joe and Wiglesworth, I think, are super close. There’s a little bit of like a sister-brother thing happening there or, you know, a… aunt-nephew, or I don’t know, you know, some-some sort of relationship there that seems to be developing, and that I’ve been nervous about. They have a sort of shared arrogance about how awesome they are. I’m tired of the way the game is going. There are huge threats in this game and everyone is too timid to make the move for them. But my second chance is about having a game of my own that I can point to and say, “These are the moves I made.” So I want to build something with the three witches, because they’re on the bottom and they’re desperate to make a move.
19. Ciera (2/2): Abi and Kelley Wentworth and myself are very clearly on the bottom. But Kelley Wentworth pulls out this Hidden Immunity Idol and we boot Savage out. Now it’s like, people are a little bit scrambled. They’re coming to us. They wanna talk. And it’s just funny ‘cause it’s like, “Where have you been the last 20 days?!”
20. Stephen (6/10): It was amazing. Jeff Probst said, “Stephen wins.” He didn’t say, “Stephen wins immunity,” but it was-- this is like the next best thing. But tonight, this freakin’ Wiglesworth thing is happening and I don’t care how it’s happening, but it’s happening. And maybe, I break out my advantage.
21. Kimmi (1/1): Joe won immunity, which is fine, because I really need the witches to start getting voted out because I don’t want them getting too much power.
22. Kelly (1/1): Tribal Council coming up, and some of the larger alliance are wanting to vote out Wentworth or Ciera, um, but we are going to split votes.
23. Tasha (1/1): Right now, we want Wentworth to go home. She’s really savvy in this game. She’s already played an idol. So she’s building her résumé and she needs to go.
24. Stephen (7/10): I won this mystery advantage at the Immunity Challenge today.
25. Stephen (8/10): This. Is. A. Game-changer. This is amazing. This is just like… I-- this is beyond my wildest dreams.
26. Stephen (9/10): In Survivor: No Collar, Blue Collar, White Collar, Dan won the right to cast another vote at Tribal Council, but being able to steal someone’s vote can shift the entire power dynamic of the game. Wow! I am in an insanely powerful position, unless I screw it up, but I’m not going to use it tonight. I know that I’m safe. Like, that would be a waste tonight. Tonight I can fix with just my wits and hustle, but this-this is like a game-winning advantage.
27. Kelley (3/3): I feel like if this blindside tonight works and Wiglesworth goes home, that there are new people who are willing to work with me. So I feel, like, much more confident going forward in this game… if it works. (gestures praying) I just hope I don’t go home tonight.
28. Stephen (10/10): I don’t want to make an alliance with the people on the bottom and then get picked off with them. I want to build this voting bloc, you know, we’re talking about voting blocs here, and every Tribal is going to be a new voting bloc.
29. Spencer (1/1): Would I love to take control of the game? Yes. Can I make it happen in a way that doesn’t destroy my game? I’ve never been more confused by any economics, calculus, statistics problem than I am about this one.
30. Jeremy (8/9): We’re all set with taking out one of the three witches. So, like I’m really hesitant with Stephen because Stephen’s running around ‘cause everyone is trying to play their own game. And I-I just want everyone to be on the same page. And like, the person that I still trust most is Stephen.
31. Jeremy (9/9): I’m just trying to lockdown my alliance and trying to work these other… voting blocs. My problem is, if we take Wiglesworth away, there’ll be four people that’ll come back to camp blindsided: Kimmi, Tasha, Keith, Joe. You know, I don’t want to have to worry. But I want to make the right decision and the right move. I don’t want to just jump ship and do it so fast.
1. Jeremy (1/3): So at Tribal tonight, Stephen, Spencer, and myself blindsided Kelly Wiglesworth. I still think that we could jump back to our power group, or whatever we want to call it, and take out another one of the girls. Maybe Ciera can go. Every vote is like a new game-- if I can’t clean up, then they’re going to come after me next. So I knew I was going to have to come right back and-and talk to Tasha. I knew she was going to be upset.
2. Tasha (1/2): So they left me out of the vote. But in the voting bloc situation, it’s like once you have the numbers for your bloc, you don’t need anybody else. That is the game that we’re playing. You get one opportunity to leave me out of the loop. That was their one opportunity. (shakes head) They don’t get any more chances.
3. Joe (1/4): Yeah… I’m pretty (expletive censor) pissed right now. And I’m trying to keep it together and not lose my (expletive censor).
4. Joe (2/4): One of my biggest allies in the game went home, so all the more reason for me to win the next immunity (chuckles) ‘cause people are coming for me.
5. Ciera (1/5): I feel like I’m in a pretty decent spot right now in the game. You know, I was on the bottom with, uh, Wentworth and Abi and slowly I kind of started to creep my way up a little bit and I’m hoping I can just keep the momentum. But this rain is a… bitch. It ruins everything. I can’t get out and have one-on-one conversations ‘cause we’re all stuck inside the shelter. That makes me nervous and that can potentially screw up my entire game.
6. Keith (1/2): They’re talking about food and cold and all that, but, uh, I’m here to win a million dollars, cut and dried. Shoot, I ain’t starving to death. I’ll make it, baby. This is Day 25. Let’s see… 35-- yeah, I’m two weeks out. I’ll sit here for fifty days for a million dollars. I mean, dang. When do you get a second chance for something crazy like this? (laughs) People ask me if Survivor is fun. I tell ‘em, “Hell, no!” Survivor ain’t fun. Going on a cruise is fun. You know, going fishing is fun. Going to play golf is fun. This ain’t fun. I mean, look at me. Golly!
7. Ciera (2/5): To be able to win a reward and take, you know, an afternoon to get dry for a little bit, have conversations with people outside of the shelter, it’s a huge advantage.
8. Spencer (1/6): Having been wet for two days straight, going on a reward has never been more important. To get all this Cambodian culture that I’ve never experienced, and the opportunity to form the bonds you need to make something happen. It might not be immunity but it feels as important as immunity.
9. Ciera (3/5): So one of the coolest things for me is being able to see all of the families and all the kids watch this performance. You know, it definitely made me miss my home more than ever. (tearfully) I’m really, really, really starting to miss my kids and my husband, and I think it just put into perspective for me they’re fine, and that’s why I’m here, and that’s why I have to just keep trucking along for them. So I need to take any advantage I can get. This game is constantly changing so this reward is the perfect opportunity to be able to say, “Hey, let’s make a plan.” Stephen is a huge threat, and he just got this advantage. Even more of a reason to blindside him and get him out of here.
10. Joe (3/4): Ciera kind of pitched this idea that us five at the reward should all blindside Stephen. I’ve wanted Stephen out for a while, so it sounds like a good plan, but I can’t bank on them, especially when I know they want me out of this game.
11. Kimmi (1/2): My older son has kidney disease and when you sit and you put things in perspective, if he can do that, then I can certainly endure these elements of Survivor, because all my strength for being out here comes from my boys.
12. Keith (2/2): It wouldn’t bother me a bit if Joe goes. He’s good at challenges. He’s winning everything out here. That’s gotta stop. Either by me, Jeremy, Spencer, somebody… give the rest of the, uh, the low pack a chance or something.
13. Kelley (1/1): Let’s just get Joe out of here. This is great because for so many days in this game, I’ve just felt, like, on the bottom, but I feel like these voting blocs definitely opened up a lot of doors for Ciera, Abi, and myself.
14. Stephen (1/5): Finally, we’re all on the same page. You know, everyone knows how important it is that Joe doesn’t win immunity. I’m literally shivering. It is freezing out here. It’s miserable. But, you know, I think I’ve got my fingers in basically every pot right now, and especially winning that game advantage, I think I’m in a really great position right now. I mean, you know, never say that on Survivor that you’re in a great position because that’s-- that’s the death knell. That’s when you go home. But I think, you know, moving forward I have a lot of room to maneuver in this game.
15. Stephen (2/5): It’s the middle of the night, freezing cold rain, we’ve been wet for days, I haven’t eaten for days, and suddenly I start having terrible stomach issues and it takes me out of the shelter in the middle of this monsoon over and over again. Everyone is miserable, you know, everyone is at their low, but, like, I’m scared that my body is breaking down. You know, I can’t go on like this. (breaking down) Like, it’s literally, I just can’t. Like, even though your body can’t, you still have to say, “Yes, yes I can.” You know, like, “Yes, I will.” But I’m just exhausted and the last couple of days have just been down. I’ve been down and down, and like, I don’t know when it will end.
16. Stephen (3/5): (desperately) The rain has been going for days. My stomach is really suffering. Every part of me is just, like, given up. I just need some, like… some, like, ray of hope, you know? Like, I just, like, the sun to come out for fifteen minutes or something. I’m not quitting. I’m not quitting. There’s no way I’m quitting. (breaks down and cries) I’m not quitting.
17. Jeremy (2/3): Stephen does not look good. I feel bad for him. His stomach is messed up, and his feet are swollen. He looks so bad, he looks so bad. I’m hoping he's okay ‘cause I need some loyalty around me, and Stephen is an honest guy. I love Survivor, but it’s a tough game. Every day, it’s tough. We’re freezing, the wind is cold, and the shelter is horrible. It doesn’t hold up against the elements out here. You can’t ever get warm, so we’re just huddled up together. It sucks. We need something, you know? If we can get warm and get everything dry for one day, we’ll be alright.
18. Kimmi (2/2): When Jeff gave us the white and black rock, you know, our heads were all spinning, “What could this be?!” Jeff has something up his sleeves.
19. Spencer (2/6): We have a dilemma between (shows right fist) I and (shows left fist) we. This decision could easily bite you in the ass, whichever way you go.
20. Ciera (4/5): Surviving is more important than individual immunity, but my mind is just racing with all these questions: “Who do I think is gonna give up one for the team and who do I think is going to compete in the challenge?”
21. Stephen (4/5): Of course, Joey Amazing, wins another immunity. At least now, having the shelter, being dry, suddenly we can now play again. And my thought right now is, you know, it makes the most sense to take out Ciera. She’s so fixated on aggressive game play because she knows she’s in trouble which is terrifying.
22. Abi-Maria (1/1): When we came back to camp and we saw the shelter built, the fire going, it was just such an amazing feeling. It was just like, “Wow. I can endure another thirteen days, no problem.”
23. Spencer (3/6): This went from one of the lowest points of all of our lives to the most incredible shelter, but when you give up potentially your life in the game, it’s like you’re selling your soul to the devil. If Keith is safe, someone who sacrificed immunity for shelter and tea and coffee, will enjoy none of those things and will be headed to the jury.
24. Stephen (5/5): Ciera is next to go because she’s too dangerous. You know, and, you know, her sweetness and face, you know, you never-- you never think with her that she’s so devious, but Ciera is someone who is willing to make big moves, advance her cause in the game. And I think getting rid of her, I think I can work with Wentworth. You know, I even think Abi I can work with. You know, and I also got this advantage. But I’m gonna need that advantage later in this game and I don’t want to waste it too early.
25. Ciera (5/5): At this point in the game, I’m just hoping that the plans I set in motion to blindside Stephen and get rid of that advantage, play out. And I think that people would be silly not to take the opportunity to flush Stephen out of the game and flush that advantage.
26. Tasha (2/2): The thing that Ciera has done so successfully is she’s basically unhinged several groups. And my question is, “Why isn’t anyone taking Ciera out to free up her people which would be Wentworth and Abi?”
27. Spencer (4/6): Ciera still sits there as an easy vote, but for me, I feel like it’s in my best interest to get Stephen gone as quickly as possible. Now it’s just a matter of convincing enough people to make the right move.
28. Joe (4/4): My head is in two places. I really want Ciera gone tonight, and I really want Stephen gone tonight. I think Ciera-- I know she’s a liar. I know she’s playing everybody, while I think Stephen is just a bigger threat in the fact that he has an advantage in the game which no one knows what it is.
29. Jeremy (3/3): Some people are saying maybe they want to vote Stephen out because of his advantage. I don’t feel like that’s a great idea right now. I have two idols but I need Stephen. Stephen at least has my back. I want Stephen to stay. Stephen trusts me.
30. Spencer (5/6): So Jeremy is adamant: “It’s gotta be Ciera. It’s a mistake to get rid of Stephen.”
31. Spencer (6/6): This is a really close decision, maybe the most important decision of the game. But when both of us are 100% convinced that the other is wrong -- me that Stephen must go, and Jeremy that Ciera must go -- something has to give. Something has to break. I hope Stephen’s going home, but I have no idea what is going to happen at Tribal Council.
1. Stephen (1/8): So tonight at Tribal, Jeremy pulls out an idol, I had no idea he had one, and plays it on me, and saves me. You know, I really feel bonded to him. He saved my life in this game, and I owe him for that.
2. Jeremy (1/1): I know that Stephen will have my back, and I think Stephen wants to take me all the way to the end, and I like that. I needed that. When you make moves like that, a big move like that, I know there’s going to be a huge target on me now after doing it, but this game is so crazy, I feel like everybody’s still in it, so I have wiggle room to make the next move.
3. Spencer (1/4): It’s like a new game every time we get back from Tribal. It’s a new game of Survivor-- a new tribe of Survivor. Jeremy pulled a fast one, and I’m pretty sure I’m being lied to. So maybe it makes sense to jump ship with whoever else is willing to jump ship and start something new.
4. Stephen (2/8): After last night, I thought about it, I am annoyed at myself to have been so completely out of the loop. Absolutely didn’t see that coming. Zero, zero, zero.
5. Stephen (3/8): You know, I think of myself as having good reads on people, I think of myself as knowing the game really well. I call myself a “Know-It-All” and last night I knew nothing. And for every Survivor vote I’ve been at -- my season, this season -- I’ve basically known exactly what was going on, and yesterday I didn’t know at all.
6. Stephen (4/8): On top of this feeling of-of defeat I have, everything else is falling apart, too. My feet have swollen up to monster size. It’s, like, very painful for me to walk. I haven’t eaten or slept in days. I do feel like I’m at a low, you know? Just feeling completely overwhelmed by everything.
7. Kelley (1/7): Oh, my gosh! Attached to the little disk is a little piece of paper and it says, “Idol Clue.” And so, I took the idol clue off, stuffed it in my pants and then kept going. Anyone could have come and picked that one answer, and they could have had the clue. How lucky am I?!
8. Spencer (2/4): Stephen, the Survivor “Know-It-All,” makes a very questionable decision. He takes Tasha and Jeremy with him on reward. I think it’s become really clear they are tighter with each other than I will be with them and I need to do something about it.
9. Kelley (2/7): The Reward Challenge was very fun. It was crazy. I did not win but… (shows idol clue) bingo! I got an idol clue. I don’t care that I lost the reward. This, like, having an idol clue is huge in this game. (reads clue) “Congratulations. You have found a clue to a Hidden Immunity Idol but it will require you to pick the right moment to make a very bold move. Attached to the underside of your shelter, dead center, is the security you seek. The only thing stopping you from getting it is the fear of getting caught.” I can’t see. I can’t see under the shelter at night. I dig my hand under there, but I don’t know if it’s under there. I don’t know where it is exactly. I mean, I think tomorrow is probably a good opportunity because three people will be on reward. Is, like, three less bodies that I have to keep an eye on and worry about.
10. Stephen (5/8): This game has been so unpredictable and we have been talking so much about voting blocs, every vote is a different bloc, but I think Jeremy playing his idol for me showed there is still trust in this game. So I wanted to bring my closest allies with me. And it looked like the perfect place to reaffirm those relationships and make those bonds more concrete. Tasha was one of my first allies in this game, but at Tribal Council she wrote my name down, and I felt like more than I needed to do anything, I needed to repair my alliance with Tasha, break bread and come up with a plan moving forward with them.
11. Joe (1/3): In a season where there’s (air quotes) “no alliances” and there’s these voting blocs and the game is constantly shifting, Stephen kind of threw himself out there and didn’t even realize it because he chose to take Jeremy and then he chose Tash. And Fishbach and Kimmi, they’ve been together quite a while. So I know now that there’s a really strong connection there that I now am really worried about.
12. Abi-Maria (1/3): I’m trying really hard to trust the ones close to me, but Joe is very sketchy, and Spencer, too. I feel that they think that they are playing everyone, and I don’t know if they’re trying to play me and the plan that we putted together. So I don’t know if I’m going to go with the plan.
13. Kelley (3/7): So I was sitting there and I’m like, “Great, we’ve got a plan, we’re good.” But my goal today is to snatch the Hidden Immunity Idol out from underneath the shelter. In order for that happen, I need everybody to be out of camp. Luckily for me, the sun is out. Joe and Spencer go off to go fishing. Keith and Kimmi are going to go get some snails and some crabs. So that just leaves Miss Abi-Maria. Homegirl. Will Not. Leave. The Shelter! Abi is like an annoying little sister, like a little pest. Like, any other time, any other time of the day she will be off, like, in the water, like, walking down to the rocks. But for some odd reason today, she is making coffee. I don’t even know what she’s doing. I’m like, my wheels are spinning. How do I get her out of here before the others come back? I’m just, like, pretending to be sleeping, hoping that she’ll leave, and it’s like, all of a sudden a ray of light, Abi goes, “I think I’m going to lay in the hammock.” I’m like, “Yes! Yes!” I’m like, “Okay, this is my chance.” I, like, waddle over to under the shelter, stick my hand under, get in. Like, this is really, really scary. I’m trying to get to the Hidden Immunity Idol under the shelter. All of a sudden, everyone comes back in.
14. Kelley (4/7): So I’m freaking out. A: because that was the most stressful thing I’ve done in this game besides getting the first Immunity Idol. And B: I have an Immunity Idol! This is so exciting! Number two! So I am ready to shake up this game a little bit.
15. Joe (2/3): Today, I did not win immunity. You know, I’ve been safe for 29 days, and now all of a sudden, I don’t have that necklace and that power and that safety, I’m vulnerable to going home. And for the first time, I’m really nervous.
16. Stephen (6/8): Joe has literally never been up for elimination in this game, not once in 29 days. And today for the first time he is. I have been trying to take out Joe… since Day 1. And I have just been spoiled again, and again, and again, and again, as he has won immunity, after immunity, after immunity, after immunity. And now, I finally have my shot.
17. Kelley (5/7): The four -- Kimmi, Stephen, Jeremy, and Tasha -- are going to target Joe, but it’s not gonna happen because I have five people which includes Joe. The plan is to blindside Stephen Fishbach.
18. Joe (3/3): Tonight is a really big test. I’m really relying on my social game-- what I’ve tried to develop in this game that I didn’t really develop and have in the last game. I’m hoping that people are sticking true to blindsiding Stephen, and I guess only time will tell. Tribal is only a couple of hours away, and… I’m hoping for the best.
19. Stephen (7/8): The plan is Abi is voting for Joe, and Joe is voting for Abi, but Abi is insane. She is suspicious of me because she’s suspicious of everyone. This is a game where you have to trust people with your fate in this game, and I have to convince Joe that we are voting for Abi.
20. Abi-Maria (2/3): Joe is very shady. He is having a little powwow with Jeremy and Fishbach, so I’m like, “What the heck is going on here?”
21. Kelley (6/7): Oh, God. Abi is freaking out right now.
22. Kelley (7/7): If I feel anything weird tonight and people do not stick with the Fishbach plan, the idol is coming out.
23. Spencer (3/4): Abi is on the warpath, and I’m scared that Abi’s going to react, vote for Joe, and this entire plan is going to go down the tubes because there’s nine people left. We have five, and I need everyone to stick to this plan.
24. Abi-Maria (3/3): Am I gonna have to just go totally against the plan from yesterday? I can vote for Fishbach or Joe. I have two options. We’ll see.
25. Stephen (8/8): There couldn’t be more pandemonium right now. But I have an advantage, and my advantage allows me to steal a vote, and now I have the numbers to split the votes reliably. Either we lose Joe or we lose Abi and Joe’s idol… if Joe has an idol.
26. Spencer (4/4): I got enough trust going with them that Stephen revealed to me what his advantage was, and I was able to see that it would destroy everything, even though I’ve done everything right to put what I want to happen into place, it could all go to crap. Stephen has an advantage. Abi is the most unreliable person here. We also have the potential for an idol and a reason to blindside Joe. Our plan that we hammered out is to take out Stephen. But if I go that route, I run a big risk, and it scares me to death.
1. Spencer (1/5): For the first time, I made a move. I blindsided Stephen, but I can’t become the gamebot who treats people like pawns. So even if Jeremy isn’t someone I want to go to the end with, he’s probably someone I need to keep a relationship with.
2. Jeremy (1/4): I didn’t want Stephen gone. Now, I feel like I’m in trouble. I don’t feel comfortable with anything. These voting blocs just keep moving and I don’t like that feeling. I like to be in the middle of everything and know what’s going on.
3. Kimmi (1/2): After Tribal, I felt completely blindsided and I realized I need to be in control of my destiny.
4. Kelley (1/3): Out of the blue, Kimmi approaches me with this plan of an all-girls alliance. If we vote out Joe and the girls are willing to work together, there’s nothing that Jeremy, Keith, or Spencer could do.
5. Kimmi (2/2): I didn’t come out here and leave my family just to be somebody’s pawn. I came out here to win so it’s time for me to make my move.
6. Jeremy (2/4): So Val said, “It’s a boy.” I’ma have a son. That’s wild. But, um, I don’t want anybody to know right now. They don’t need to know.
7. Spencer (2/5): Saying “I love you,” is a big deal to me. And it’s something I’ve struggled with since childhood. (tearfully) And it’s like I fought through feeling that way with so many people that I’ve loved. And the fact that I did say, “I love you,” it shows me that this change is real. It’s not made up. It’s happened because I do love Marcella.
8. Kelley (2/3): Walking into camp with, you know, me and then my dad’s at my side and the other loved ones it was a beautiful thing. It was so cool. And I could just tell everyone was so excited to be here.
9. Keith (1/1): To see a family member, especially your wife, I don’t know, I need to see somebody. I don’t care if you would’ve brought my fifth cousin from my daddy-- just some kind of relative. But “Big D” was the ultimate prize.
10. Joe (1/4): Growing up as a kid, me and my dad, we were close, but he wasn’t very affectionate. He was a little bit… tough, and he never really said, “I love you.” So for him to be able to share that with me was something so special and, like… Ah! I’ll remember it for the rest of my life.
11. Spencer (3/5): Kelley choosing who to come with her on reward was like, these tiny little shanks to the heart one by one by one. I’ve never felt heartache like that. I just had to take a moment and let my heart catch up with my head. There’s no option at this point but for me to get my head back in the game and do everything in my power to win.
12. Tasha (1/3): This is perfect. I have one option to go with Spencer and Jeremy to the final three. And then on the other side, the girls were talking about an all-girl alliance. So I think I have two viable options.
13. Spencer (4/5): At this point, I don’t know how many chances there are going to be to get Joe out. I let one opportunity go because I had a big move to make, and I needed Joe’s help for it. But Joe is a guy who you give him an inch, he will take a mile. He gets momentum, and I’m done. So it makes all the sense in the world for me, the second I get the chance, to get this guy out of here.
14. Joe (2/4): I go into immunity today thinking I’m going to win, and now I’m on my back going, “What happened?” And I’m vulnerable again to getting voted out at Tribal. There’s just no safety in Survivor, you know? It’s-it’s a tough, tough situation for me.
15. Abi-Maria (1/1): The Immunity Challenge was, like, watching a crazy soccer match, you know, Brazil against Germany. And to see Joe “The Amazing” lose to a fifty-two year-old man, it was awesome. And now, it’s time for him to go.
16. Kelley (3/3): The fact that Joe pushed himself until he passed out, that is frightening because, like, I can’t compete with that. So he’s gotta go. And once we get him out of here, the girls are in control of this game.
17. Joe (3/4): Right now, it sucks because I don’t have immunity, and I’m exhausted. But I went in to the last Tribal without the necklace, and I’m still here. So I’m pretty confident that I can do it again.
18. Joe (4/4): What it comes down to is I need Abi out of this game and Jeremy’s a smart guy, so I think it’s going to stick, and I think it did stick.
19. Jeremy (3/4): I was planning on voting out Joe, and then Tasha tells me this talk about an all-girls alliance. (pauses) Oh, my God!
20. Tasha (2/3): So I told Jeremy and Spencer about the all-girl alliance because I didn’t want to risk having them find out about it from someone else because that would create distrust. However, all I did was make them suspicious, which could mean trouble.
21. Spencer (5/5): The problem is I’m not 100% convinced that Tasha’s ideal final three is myself and Jeremy. Tasha might have the thought in her head, “I can beat an Abi. I can beat a Kimmi. I can beat Wentworth” So we have to squash these girls before they get anything started.
22. Jeremy (4/4): If those girls take over the game, me and Spencer, we’re all done. Our games are over. So having Tasha on my side is crucial right now.
23. Tasha (3/3): Joe escaped one Tribal Council, and I don’t want him to escape another one. But at this point, it’s a stalemate. I don’t want to go to Tribal Council not knowing what’s gonna happen. So we need to come to an agreement. We’re going to be making a million-dollar decision, and I’m nervous as hell about that.
1. Abi-Maria (1/4): Tribal tonight was definitely a spectacle. Joe got voted out. I don’t feel like anybody has much compassion towards Joe at the moment, and everybody’s very glad that he has gone home packing.
2. Keith (1/3): I was a little shocked. I mean, I was left out of the loop. They sent Joe to the house. If you were gonna do it, that was a good time to do it. I wish I would have known about it, though. I wanted to get Tasha outta there. So, I need to get down there and talk to some folks.
3. Tasha (1/7): Keith decided to vote for me, so I’m going to make sure that I keep my eye on Keith because he’s the last person I want the guys to join forces with or some of the girls. Keith just put a target on his back.
4. Kelley (1/4): There are seven people, so every decision from here on out-- is like, could affect your end game. So I’m just not closed off to anything. I have to keep my options open, which is what I’ve tried to do this entire game. So, it’s a good position to be in but it’s also kind of stressful, because what is the right choice? I don’t know right now.
5. Spencer (1/6): The last Tribal Council, I took out a challenge beast-- took out Joe. And now I have to hope that there is a group of four for me, which is the new magic number with seven left.
6. Spencer (2/6): Jeremy and I realized that there very well might be a girl’s alliance that could take us out, even though Tasha told me honestly, “My ideal final three is you and Jeremy.” But if the girl’s thing is real, I have no options, and I don’t want to play from the bottom again. It’s exhausting. It’s demoralizing. I feel my game slipping away. It’s always a scary thing. I just pray that I can keep it together going toward the end.
7. Tasha (2/7): I understand Keith was exhausted, but he couldn’t even remember my name, let alone try to explain his rationale. And I’m like, “Is Keith really, like, playing up his southern ‘I’m just go along for the ride’ role, or is he really that slow?”
8. Kelley (2/4): Keith, Spencer and I get to go on this amazing reward and I’m gonna take advantage of these two people that I’m with on reward. I mean, I haven’t had a strong alliance this entire game. And part of this game, like, you do want to have an alliance to some degree or at least trust in some people because you have to.
9. Abi-Maria (2/4): It’s Day 33 and I gotta get to Day 39. A lot of people think that I am a goat to take to the end, and that’s why I believe people may be willing to take me to the end. But it’s all about using people in this game, and I love watching them struggle and scramble and go crazy. Why not? I’m a villain. Villains have more fun.
10. Jeremy (1/3): If the girls are all saying, like, “Let’s get out Keith, let’s get out Keith.” You know, that’s an option. But, um, I have buyer’s remorse right now ‘cause we should have kept Joe and got rid of, uh, Abi. I might be mad about going on that reward today, like, listen, I’m going to eat on Day 39. Give me that breakfast and, like, let me tell everybody on the jury why I deserve that million dollars. That’s all I want.
11. Tasha (3/7): I understand you want to get to the finals, but the only way to get there is with people that you trust and you can trust me! At this point, I think Jeremy needs to let go a little bit, let me make a move in the game, and if the answer is no, then I will find someone else. People better get on board or they’re about to miss this ship ‘cause Fox is sailing.
12. Spencer (3/6): I’ve never seen a better reward-- Cambodian temples. It’s amazing to the point that I’m slapping myself every two minutes that I’m here, that I’m seeing what I’m seeing. Thirty-three days ago, I walked right here with this incredible journey ahead of me, and now to come back here and see these temples doing what I wanted to do in my second chance, which is show through this game how I’ve changed and use that change to win, it’s more than the rejuvenation I needed to go these last six days.
13. Keith (2/3): If people would have asked me, you know, “Hey, where’s Keith been for the last thirty days? Is he sitting in a temple in Cambodia, or has he just get off the shuttle back from Mars?” Well, they’d say, “Well, he just got back from Mars ‘cause he damn sure ain’t in Cambodia.” That’s how amazing this is. It was pretty impressive. And you just don’t run across stuff like that. I don’t know how you can trump this, to tell you the truth.
14. Kelley (3/4): We got this really cultural experience. I’ll never do that in my life. So of all the rewards, this was such a great one to win. I haven’t had the easiest go in this game, like, I’ve been on the bottom a lot, so coming out here for a second chance, I just want to prove that I can do it. And so close to the end of the game, it’s just like, (sighs) “Wow! Like, I’m almost there.”
15. Kelley (4/4): Being on a reward with Spencer and Keith, it’s the perfect time to just figure out, like, where they’re at. I just want to get to final three. That’s the goal in this game.
16. Spencer (4/6): Any time you’re at a reward with this few people left in the game, you’re probably going to make a final three deal. Wentworth and Keith and I made a pact to go to the final three, but it’s too early for me to say that there’s any final three that I’m locked into. If I could choose any final three, I would love to be sitting there with Abi and with Keith. It’s a question of making it happen now.
17. Spencer (5/6): We could use Abi for a number right now. Take our four, and go after Tasha. We’re now very solid. So all is well and good as long as that fourth person is feeling good, as long as that fourth person is a sound, rational player who will make the good decision for our group. The problem is that fourth person is Abi, who is none of those things.
18. Abi-Maria (3/4): Tasha did ask if it was okay for her and Jeremy to talk, but you need four people right now in order to switch the game, and I feel like I have a lot more in my pocket than Jeremy does.
19. Jeremy (2/3): Is Abi a Scorpio? (smirks) ‘Cause Scorpios are crazy. I got two of them in my house. That’s why I drink. (laughs)
20. Tasha (4/7): It’s like you have to be careful about everything you say with Abi, and I’ve come too far to let Abi-Maria Gomes ruin my game.
21. Tasha (5/7): Keith is a credible threat, but Abi is very volatile. If I say the wrong thing or make the wrong joke, she could totally screw up my game. She’ll flip in a heartbeat.
22. Jeremy (3/3): Tasha said, “What do you think about if we vote Abi out?” It does give me one less girl that I don’t have to worry about. So I’m, “Yeah, I like that idea.” Tasha is, uh, kind of iffy on Spencer. She doesn’t know if he’s gonna be 100%. It is a possibility that he could jump ship and just run and tell Kelley and Keith the whole plan and it will blow up in our face.
23. Keith (3/3): Tash almost drowneded. She swallowed a ton of salt water. Uh, that’s how quick something like that can happen. But Spence, Kelley-- we talked about it on the reward, reeling Abi back in. That’s four. And bam Tasha. Bam Kimmi. Bam Jeremy. Here we are sitting at four. Easy!
24. Tasha (6/7): At the Immunity Challenge, my mind is saying, “Swim, like, live,” and I feel like I’m drowning, just taking in water. It was very scary for me. I’m already not, like, the greatest swimmer. I’m from the midwest. I’m comfortable in a swimming pool, but the ocean is just a different animal, and I lost it.
25. Tasha (7/7): At this point, I’m so nervous about tonight because I suspect that maybe Wentworth, Keith and Spencer bonded on the reward, so I need to make sure that Spencer is still with Jeremy, Kimmi and myself, because Abi must go.
26. Abi-Maria (4/4): As long as I’m still here, that’s what matters at the end of the day. I’m like, just thinking about who to bring to the end with me at this point. I just need to get to the end. And my résumé’s kinda gone up a little bit, too, you know?
27. Spencer (6/6): I’ve had control of my fate for a long time in this game, and I don’t want to give it up. So tonight going into Tribal, my two options are go with Kimmi, Jeremy and Tasha and target these weak players who everyone wants to drag to the end, like Abi. My other option is to go with Wentworth, Abi and Keith and take out the big guns and pray that I get to the end with these dream goats. It’s a breaking point now. It’s the final seven. It’s a point of no return.
1. Spencer (1/6): I’m very happy to see Abi go. You know, Keith said, “Well, gosh, why did you get rid of Abi? I wanna go to the end with Abi rather than you.” It’s like, Keith, you just proved exactly why it made sense to get rid of Abi.
2. Kimmi (1/3): From the outside, Wentworth and Keith look like their low men on the totem pole, but this has just now left me with the perfect opportunity to swoop in and make my dreams happen.
3. Kelley (1/6): I think Kimmi is starting to realize if she sticks with that four -- Spencer, Tasha, Jeremy and her -- that she may not get to the final three.
4. Kimmi (2/3): I came out here to win this thing, and if I go with Tash, Jeremy and Spencer, am I really going to make it to the end? That’s putting my fate and destiny in somebody else’s hands. These guys trust me. They're letting their guard down, and now is my chance to shine.
5. Kelley (2/6): Keith and I are, like, on the outs. So I’m putting all my trust in Kimmi. If we wanna make a move we gotta do it now because if we let Tasha, Spencer and Jeremy get far in this game, we are screwed!
6. Tasha (1/3): My boy Spencer wins immunity again. As long as Spencer is winning, that means Keith isn’t. That means Wentworth isn’t. And I want Keith and Wentworth gone. Kimmi, me, Jeremy, Spencer -- final four, done.
7. Keith (1/6): Right now it’s-it’s me or Kelley, so-- but this deal Kimmi come up with could be the big one. Could be the big one, and I’m all about it.
8. Kelley (3/6): Oh, my God. Keith, Kimmi and I have it in the bag. We vote for Jeremy and it’s over. And I don’t have to play the idol, and I have an idol final five. You know, Kimmi came to me with this Jeremy plan. And she knows if she doesn’t get rid of him, she may not have another chance. It’s just, will she execute?
9. Jeremy (1/9): We’re still worried about an idol out there, so let’s just split the vote to take out Kelley or Keith. We’re all safe and we’re still going in tomorrow with numbers.
10. Spencer (2/6): Splitting the vote is great if you have an alliance that you can trust. If Kimmi betrays the four that just voted together… where’s the majority?
11. Jeremy (2/9): My voting bloc is skeptical of Kimmi. I don’t think Kimmi is trying to do anything.
12. Kimmi (3/3): You know, fifteen years out of the game, I still got this, “Oh, my gosh! I would never go and turn on you guys. We’re together!” I mean, come on. I don’t want to be on the bottom of a foursome, and that’s where I am with Spencer, and Jeremy, and Tasha. I’m not stupid!
13. Jeremy (3/9): I feel like my alliance is strong. The problem, though, is that with the Hidden Immunity Idols, it shakes up everything and we don’t want to lose this. We have numbers. We could really run this to the end. I know Kimmi is kind of goofy and everything, but I-I really think she’s with us. And I don’t wanna use my idol and not have it tomorrow. So, I mean, the safer route is to split the vote-- guys vote for Wentworth, girls vote for Keith.
14. Spencer (3/6): I think Jeremy might hear the footsteps of Wentworth potentially having an idol, but splitting the vote can cause a lot more problems than it can help. And yeah, I’m a little biased, my ass isn’t on the line. What we decide tonight is really important because when there’s five, three can control this game, and we can dictate a path to the final three. If we decide wrong, we might say for a long time, “We had it, it was right there, final three, and we made the wrong call.”
15. Keith (2/6): I’ve never seen a Tribal like that, and much less be part of one. After all’s said and done and all the ties, and votes, and unanimous stuff, and idols played, Kimmi goes to the house, but I was on the chopping block. Go figure that out. So, it was crazy. Five people now and three of them are pretty solid. Leaves me and Kelley on the outside looking in.
16. Kelley (4/6): I survived another Tribal by playing an idol, which is fantastic, but the Tribal itself didn’t go the way I wanted it to go. Here I am with four other people, and there’s only one person that I trust, so, like, what the hell do I do? This is like the worst feeling being so close to the end and yet in so much trouble.
17. Keith (3/6): The one person I don’t need to win, wins it. And, uh, I feel like I’m in a coffin and, uh, I got about three nails left til they put me six feet down. But It ain’t shut yet. We’ll go down swinging. We’ll find out tonight. Stay tuned. (spits)
18. Spencer (4/6): Wentworth was able to win, which is exactly what Tasha and Jeremy and I have been trying to avoid. Keith is now very clearly a target, but there’s exactly one thing to be worried about, and that is a Hidden Immunity Idol. The three of us must stay strong no matter what they do.
19. Kelley (5/6): I’m safe tonight, but I have to look out for my one ally in this game. So based on the fact that all idols look different this season, I just picked like a little medallion that was from a Tree Mail, and I have some materials that I have been collecting over the past few weeks, wrapped it up with the little note from my last idol, there you go. Looks like Keith found an idol. I definitely want Spencer or Jeremy gone. And I know that the paranoia is real. Even if those three are tight, if any of them think they’re going home, it’s going to create paranoia in their mind, and something crazy could happen.
20. Keith (4/6): It’s crunch time. It’s desperate measures right now. Kelley, the idol maker up there, we’ll just see what she did. Hey, pretty impressive. I like that Kel. I oughta go in there bebop in there back to camp sporting this, you know, and let them kind of see it, make them think I have one, just to put doubt in their mind. And that’s all it take, is just one of them to flip, you know, scare them into doing something stupid.
21. Jeremy (4/9): I think there is a huge possibility that Keith or Kelley are gonna pull out a Hidden Immunity Idol tonight. I’m so worried about that. It’s either me or Spencer that they’re going to put votes on. I’m worried, point blank. If Keith has an idol, one of us is going home-- it’s probably going to be me. I think they’re going to go after me. And I don’t even want to take a chance on it.
22. Keith (5/6): Tasha was asleep up there just then, and Jeremy kind of come to me and said, uh, “Vote Spence.” Spencer’s a good player. Makes sense to send him to the house, doesn’t it? Maybe Jeremy’s thinking about bringing me in, maybe me, Jeremy and Kelley.
23. Keith (6/6): Would Jeremy lie to me? Heck, maybe at Tribal I’ll just pull it out and say, “Hey, uh, there’s an idol, Keith ain’t goin nowhere tonight. Y’all better make some different plans.” I got options. When you got options, it’s a good thing. I mean, God dang, the last nail ain’t in the coffin. (laughs)
24. Jeremy (5/9): Oh, (points to Immunity Necklace) this is… this is for Val. This is for Jordan. This is for Cameron. This is for my son that’s not even here yet. Like, this is for them all. Now the question is, who I’m going to the end with because I don’t want second, I don’t want third. Like, I need to win this.
25. Jeremy (6/9): I feel like I want to laugh, I want to cry, I want to yell, I want-- you know what I mean? Like, I just wanna explode ‘cause I feel like the season is so hard, and just to have this security just for tonight, it’s just a beautiful thing. I have my alliance. I have Spence and I have Tasha, but when you have this necklace, all bets are off, you know? You’re like, I know we-we said we were gonna do this, but now is the time when you figure out who’s the best person that I can sit next to that I can win a million dollars.
26. Tasha (2/3): Although Jeremy, Spencer and I are in a tight alliance, Spence and I are basically at Jeremy’s mercy if he decides to go with Wentworth and drop one of us, our game is over tonight. I just hope the relationship that we’ve built over the past 38 days is strong enough to get me through this vote and into a final three.
27. Spencer (5/6): To have it all come down to one vote with my fate out of my hands, in Jeremy’s hands, it’s hard to swallow, but in a way, it’s how I think my second chance could make sense. The first time I played, once I lost control of my fate, I lost the game. This is a test of whether the relationships I’ve built are strong enough that without control of my fate tonight, I can wake up here tomorrow and have a shot to fight and win this game.
28. Kelley (6/6): Spencer definitely knows he’s a threat in this game. I mean, he’s like, “Are-are you writing my name down?” Like, you know, “I think I have a good shot at winning.” Oh. Do you? Okay. Interesting. I think right now the biggest threat for Jeremy is Spencer. So really the only thing I can do is to try and convince Jeremy of that and prove that, like, Spencer is a bigger threat than me. Time to go to work.
29. Jeremy (7/9): I don’t know what to do yet. Spencer and Wentworth both have pretty good résumés. The question is who gives me the best chance to win?
30. Jeremy (8/9): I’m trying not to let the necklace go to my head, you know, but, um, what if we made Spencer and Wentworth go against each other in a tie and make fire? Spencer came from the bottom, won a couple of immunities. He’s a smart player. Kelley’s won two immunities. She’s played two Hidden Immunity Idols. She’s an underdog. It all comes down to tonight. I’m going to make my decision at Tribal whether it’s going to be Spencer or Kelley. If I want to stick with my alliance, I can stick with them. If not, I can jump ship. This is a million dollar decision. It’s huge.
31. Tasha (3/3): Being in the final three is amazing. I’m so happy. Second Chances for me was more business, and I approached it differently. I didn’t win any Immunity Challenges. I didn’t play any idols, but the social game I played got me here. To make it to the end… crazy, crazy. (looks away to hold back tears) This truly was the most difficult thing that I’ve ever done in my entire life. (tearfully) The conditions, the paranoia, the lies… I’m like in awe knowing that I had it in me to do it when seventeen other people couldn’t. I did it.
32. Spencer (6/6): As much as I can feel great today and enjoy the company of Tasha and Jeremy, job ain’t over. I didn’t come here to get to the final three. I am here to make my second chance count and to prove that the change that I’ve gone through deserves the win of Survivor. Unlike the first time I played, I came in here and said, I want to form relationships and connect with people in a way that Spencer could not do before. And I truly believe I’ve done that. I took the personal change in me and used it to move from the bottom to the top. Tonight is the ultimate test, the ultimate conclusion to everything Survivor has been for me. It’s the most important night of my life.
33. Jeremy (9/9): My second chance is all about Val and the kids. I just want them to be proud of me, and I just want to take care of them. I miss them so much. I didn’t leave this long for nothing. Oh, man, can’t lose this. This is right there. It’s so close. I have a one in three shot at a million dollars. So I want to show the jury that I was in control of this game. I had two Hidden Immunity Idols, one immunity win. I surrounded myself with the right people at the right time, and even up to the end I feel really good. I gotta finish this game, get that money and bring it home for my family.
