
1. Jon (1/2): We have a phenomenal relationship. 
2. Jaclyn (1/1): We have fun. Yeah, I don't want people to hate us and think that we're this, like, crazy perfect couple. 
3. John (1/3): I've spent the last 15 years of my life trying to say “I'm not the loud, obnoxious, boisterous kind of guy” but media has loved over the years, you know, to label me racist, bigot, homophobe and everything else. I'm not a bigot. Thems are fighting words right there.
4. Julie (1/2): I have a lot to prove because everybody may say “look at the girl with the hair and the boobs, and, you know, and the boyfriend” but I am very independent. I can stand on my own two feet.
5. Baylor (1/4): The divorces have definitely brought us closer, you know, whatever happens to me affects her, whatever happens to her affects me. 
6. Missy (1/3): Absolutely. There's this bond between mother and daughter that is so unbelievable, you can't tear it apart. I mean there's no stopping us. I mean, no way.
7. Alec (1/2): Drew and I have been going at it pretty much since I came out the womb. I mean, I’m hoping to prove to him that I can beat him at this game. 
8. Drew (1/3): I would love to see him beat me at this game honestly, I really would.
9. Kelley (1/1): My dad and I, we have had a up and down relationship over the past 10 years or so. Um, we didn't talk for probably 3 or 4 years. 
10. Dale (1/6): But I think Survivor will help us grow back together. This will be something that we can share for the rest of our lives together.
11. Josh (1/6): We both are such fans of the game. This guy, for our first Valentine's Day, gives me flint. 
12. Reed (1/2): I got him flint! We're actually really comfortable being outdoors and sleeping in the dirt.
13. Jeremy (1/5): I tried to get on Survivor for 10 years. I didn't bring her out here and leave our daughters at home to lose. 
14. Val (1/4): I know that we're both in it to win it so may the best profession win.
15. Natalie (1/2): On Amazing Race we had all the basic needs. You take away all the basic needs and that's Survivor. 
16. Nadiya (1/4): We'll have sleepless nights, empty bellies. Our blood is thicker than anybody else's blood out here. I can guarantee you that because the longest, I think, we've ever been apart without seeing each other was like two weeks.
17. Wes (1/3): This is my time to shine. It's showtime for me, I think. I got social aspect, physical aspect, mental aspect. I feel like I got it all.
18. Keith (1/7): What about my time? Is it over with? You're as mentally strong as that rock. (pointing to rock)
19. Nadiya (2/4): I felt a tug on my stomach, like, “Oh, no!” Like, “What do I say to Natalie right before she goes?” Being separated and not being able to know how a tribe is going to treat us. It was gut wrenching.
20. Missy (2/3): This is it. Now I'm going to be competing against my daughter. That was pretty touching for me and it just brings it all home, you know, this whole Blood vs. Water. That's what this is about.
21. Keith (2/7): I watch all types of sports and I'm pretty darn sure this is John Rocker, the relief pitcher for the Braves and he was an ass when he played then, he might be still an ass now.
22. Jeremy (2/5): I knew it's Blood vs. Water but my worst nightmare was to do this to my wife and now she's just gone and it's my fault that she's gone.
23. Reed (2/2): We walked down this beautiful beach. It's such an epic Survivor moment. I got goosebumps thinking about it, it's so crazy 'cause also you're like “Oh, now we just need to do things!” Like, this is it. Like, go!
24. Jeremy (3/5): Everyone was saying, you know, good job and it was a tough decision for me to go against my wife and everything but everyone's happy that I won flint and beans for them and everything. But going into the challenge against my wife... like, I was like… (pauses and looks away) like I was, “I ain't crying out here” you know, and like they won, you know what I'm saying? Like these dudes are going to kill me back home. Me going one on one against her, like, that hurt and then to see her go away. That's my wife, you know, I need to take care of her and, like, I didn't do that. In Blood vs. Water you do have to think about your loved ones and for me and Val, I feel in this game, it's all about us as a couple but it doesn't look good for her. I have a good rapport with women, I get along with women, so it's time to go balls to wall. It's time to play.
25. Natalie (2/2): I really like Jeremy, you know, the way he fought today and the way he, his emotions after he had sent his wife to Exile Island showed, like, real true, like a good heart, you know. So I would say if I had to choose one person as my designated Twinnie, it's Jeremy. Everybody loves a firefighter.
26. Missy (3/3): For being married and divorced as many times as I have, I've learned, I've learned that you have to listen to your gut and my gut tells me that Jeremy is good.
27. Jeremy (4/5): This game, it moves so much. The beginning of the game messed me up right away but I feel pretty good where I'm at right now. Everybody's on my side and I'm the popular guy. Everybody wants to date the prom king so this is perfect. This will work out.
28. Nadiya (3/4): Day 1 we are doing the necessities which is trying to get fire, trying to get some nourishment in our stomachs and trying to build a shelter. It's a young group. We're with Wes, and Baylor, and Alec. They're like this young group and then it's me, Josh and Jaclyn kind in the middle and then we got the other dude is 40, and dad is like 55. Like, come on!
29. Dale (2/6): Right off the bat there was a very definite “OK, I'm 25 years older than almost everybody here.” (laughs) I'm a self-employed farmer. I've been there all my life and we don't get a lot of visitors. My biggest challenge on Survivor is I'm not used to being in a big group of strangers. That's tough but you're always have to be looking for the positive in a situation. My first trip down to the water, I put the lid back on the well and I looked down and there's this little emblem and I go, “It's not an idol” but it could be useful someday. So I need to look at some other way to get myself into that tribe pretty fast. I'm trying to get fire so we can boil water. It smokes but the humidity just, it won't get that red coal going. The longer I sat there, the more pissed off I was getting at myself. I'm supposed to be able to start fire. I've done it before. I used to start them all the time with magnifying glasses as a kid growing up.
30. Baylor (2/4): We need fire so we have two groups of people working on two different methods. Dale is working on glasses and the sunlight which I've never seen before happen or work. And then we have group 2 which is a couple of us just scrubbing, and scrubbing, and scrubbing, and scrubbing, and trying to get something.
31. Dale (3/6): I snapped my glasses in half and doubled up the lenses to double the magnification on them. I'm sacrificing my ability to see in the game later on so I can start a fire.
32. Josh (2/6): I have to be honest. At first, you look at the oldest guy in the tribe and you know they're immediately a target and then Dale was the one who saved us all. Like, the very first thing that we really needed, he provided.
33. Dale (4/6): I think I don't need to worry about the social circle as much as I did. I'm the firestarter now so that's pushed me up the food chain, so to speak.
34. Val (2/4): First landing on Exile Island was a big shock. I mean, the Coyopa tribe is now all bonding so if there were gonna get rid of somebody first it would probably be me and on top of that, Exile Island frickin' sucks! It's desolate, it's rocky, in the ocean, looks unswimmable. You're really left with nothing.
35. Keith (3/7): I'm thinking playing Survivor, I'm thinking take it to the end and then boom, I'm on Exile Island. The first, I'm the first out of the shoot, me and Val. That ain't the way I had this mapped out. I don't even know my tribe yet. I don't want to be here.
36. Val (3/4): He picked his urn and I picked mine. We both had a note and started to read it. I was so preoccupied for the fact that I had a clue for the idol back at camp, that I didn't even realize that his was blank. And I think he expected that I was going to say “Oh, read it!”. I wasn't going to do that.
37. Keith (4/7): Mine was blank. Story of my life. I said “What you get, Val?” She kind of hem-hawed around and, um, if its got something to do with Val's tribe, more power to her. 'Cause I'm not going back to Val's tribe, I'm going back to my tribe.
38. Keith (5/7): Come to find out, Val's husband is a firefighter. That is going to be a bond. That's going to be a big plus, probably. When I do get back to camp, I'm going to check in with Jeremy. See where he stands but who knows? I don't know what I'm going to walk into going back there. Worst case, all eight of 'em hate me. That's the end of my Survivor career.
39. Drew (2/3): I didn't really want to but I kinda was forced to step in and really take control of the construction of the shelter. It was a lot of work to kinda build the initial foundation for our structure. Definitely important that we have something levitated off the ground that could give a nice little cool breeze from the ocean.
40. Drew (3/3): I hope the tribe appreciates the, uh, hard work and effort that I put into the shelter. You know I was actually a successful model for the last few years. I'm kinda not a big shot here, but, you know, I'm sure my face is around some different places, but I'm not here to be a model at all. I'm here to be a Survivor.
41. Julie (2/2): Oh my God, I'm not sure why Drew thinks he's in charge. He's a little bit too arrogant, um, bless his heart. Being a woman and who I am, I mean, I'm dating John Rocker and he used to play in the Major Leagues. He is Type A with a capital A, so I understand the dude mentality and Drew, I mean, he's just kinda like a young dumb guy.
42. Wes (2/3): I had a suspicion about John the minute I saw him. I said, “Man, dude, I know that guy from somewhere” and I realized he played professional baseball for the Atlanta Braves and I said “Man, that's my favorite team!” Everybody watched Atlanta. That was when they were in their prime, you know.
43. John (2/3): I've been hoping to skate through this game, anonymous, you know, unscathed, under the radar. If I'm recognized by some of the other players in the game, I'm gonna lie about it because I've not had a whole lot of anonymity, you know, for the last 18 years of my life. Wes busted me. It didn't take long. Two or three hours out here he asked me this: “Your name is John, huh? What's your last name?” I'm like… (lowers head in frustration)
44. Wes (3/3): He's like “Yeah, it's me. I was like, I'm trying to keep a low profile.” I mean, it feels good. I feel like he's from Georgia, I'm from Louisiana. I knew who he was. Kinda got somewhat of a connection. I played baseball so...
45. John (3/3): With Wes knowing who I am, a secret like that, being kept safe with him may not be such a, such a good thing. So, our first Council we go to, I will get a little jumpy, so I may try to get Wes out.
46. Josh (3/6): All of a sudden my eye starts flaring up and now it's just burning and just constant watering. Survivor always throws a curveball at you and I was just like, “Ah, but you're out here in the middle of nowhere where you're not used to and you get this.” (points to eyes)
47. Baylor (3/4): Ugh! Josh's eyes! They're so red and I hope that I don't get what he has because it looks awfully painful. Now he can't really open them so, not a good sign three days in.
48. Alec (2/2): So we're figuring that the foliage that we used for roofing has some kind of poison sap or something that people were touching. So we are working to remove that and get that the heck away from our camp. We got poison sap, you got scorpions. Shoot, there could be a puma running around here I don't know about. There is definitely dangers that are far from anything I know in Florida, around here.
49. Jon (2/2): I've always been a goofball but I got a lot more depth to me than it would appear. Nobody here knows what's going on at home. Basically, in February they found that my dad he had a tumor in his brain, uh, right back here. (points to back of head) It's not curable so I spent a lot of time thinking about it, obviously. Um, I think I'm cried out about it. Knowing that my dad and I don't have very much longer to be together, it was very hard to make the decision to come out to Survivor but my dad is a big fan of Survivor and I wouldn't have come without his blessing. I just hope that, uh, I can watch it with him and I just hope I can make him proud out here.
50. Dale (5/6): It could very well could be me going home. I would be very surprised. I'm the only one that can start fire. But I'm the oldest guy in this damn bunch so never know what's going to happen.
51. Keith (6/7): I just rejoined my original tribe. First thing we do was the challenge. Boom, won that! And then to come out here and see what they all got accomplished. Looks like they worked together. That's a good thing. Didn't really know what to expect and, uh, so I kinda worked my way into this tribe since I've been gone. I'm just going to try to, uh, slip in, fit in a little bit. Just now, really figuring out their names. I knew Jeremy and that was about it.
52. Jeremy (5/5): So right from the beginning of the challenge, Val and I saw each other. When I see her, she's like “I'm alright” so I knew Keith took care of Val. I don't know how far that will take him but I feel like I owe him something.
53. Keith (7/7): I got Jeremy kind of halfway on my side, I would think. He's a firefighter, I'm a firefighter. I mean, the fire department is a brotherhood. Now the other, boy seven, I have no idea about. Give me a day or two and we'll figure all this out. See what happens.
54. Val (4/4): After losing, immediately I'm thinking pretty much I haven't got to play the game and that my game might be over. So, as soon as I knew where the well was, which was part of my idol clue, that's where I was going. I have got to find this idol.
55. Dale (6/6): Nadiya is a known element. Obviously, she's been on The Amazing Race. She's shown that she can backstab somebody. So the rest of the tribe I don't know that about. Nadiya, she's proven it, we've watched it.
56. Josh (4/6): Dale and the guys think, you know, Nadiya should be the first one to go because, you know, she was on The Amazing Race and of course you say yes. And then Nadiya approached me, I think a couple of minutes later.
57. Josh (5/6): I mean, of course, anybody who comes to me, I'm like “Thank God! You're coming to me!” You know, and I wanted to be that person in this game. I made it... that was one of my goals, to be the person that people are coming up to me and saying “I want to work with you.” Nadiya said “Oh, I was just counting you as a girl.” My boyfriend can tell you, one of the worst things to say to me! But, I don't blame her and people stereotype people all the time so I'm kind of keeping my options open right now. I feel like have a lot of choices.
58. Nadiya (4/4): So all the girls get together. It was a good opportunity for us to all to recognize that we need to stick together at this point and our options are very slim if we don't. Yeah, I thought for sure I would want to work with Josh, the gay guy, you know, we already counting him as a girl and that's 5.
59. Baylor (4/4): The plan is to vote Dale out because we don't think he's helpful in the challenges. If I don't go with the women, I would definitely do whatever Josh is doing. I haven't had a chance to talk to him yet about what his plans are but I kind of want to hear from him first.
60. Josh (6/6): There is a lot up in the air tonight and I do feel a lot of that weight is on me. I think I'm kinda right in the middle between the guys alliance and the girls alliance. Being a fan of the show, this is a big deal but it ultimately is which one I think is going to get me furthest in the game. Sometimes the people with the swing vote end up in the worst position so I don't even know if I'm going to really decide until Tribal Council which one I'm going to go with.
1. Josh (1/3): At Tribal Council tonight, I voted for Baylor to further, um, advance our alliance in this game. I don't want the guys thinking that I was getting too close to Baylor but I still wanted to keep Baylor as an asset.
2. Baylor (1/1): Josh comes up to me. He explained to me that it apparently was a game move because he doesn't want the guys to know that me and him are aligned. That was a smart move, in a way, but it was also sketchy and scary that he didn't tell me before he was going to write my name down. I really hope that I can trust him.
3. Jeremy (1/3): We got Jon and we got Drew, and they're both like cartoon characters, like they're so crazy. I'm like, “Are they listening to themselves?” They're so happy and it's like not real, you know what I'm sayin'? Which for me is good because I know all the girls can't stand 'em already.
4. Kelley (1/1): I cannot believe we lost the flint. Losing that is not good.
5. Jon (1/2): I learned if you're wrong, you admit it, and you admit it emphatically so that people know not only does he know he's wrong, he feels awful about it and he's probably going to do a lot to make up for it. Is that accepted by everyone? I have no idea. I mean, I'm very nervous about it. I'm very nervous about it.
6. Jon (2/2): Catching some fish would had been just heavenly. Unfortunately, we didn't get it because all we did was trade it for flint. Losing the flint was a pretty big mistake. It was my fault we wasted our chance out of fishing gear.
7. Missy (1/1): I would have said I think there's no other bond besides the mom and a daughter but man, that's twins... uff! And it's really pretty touching to see a tough girl cry. I want to help her.
8. Natalie (1/1): (weeping) Oh, Nadiya got voted off. She's probably fine and its just that we're not together will be the hard part. Now it's just, like, really good motivation for me to keep my head in the game and just play hard so that I can just at least go as far as I can.
9. Josh (2/3): Just because John does things I don't like doesn't mean I don't want to work with him. Because I think that makes him even more of an asset to be used because he's pissing off so many people already that yes, I want him on my team.
10. Jeremy (2/3): Exile Island is not a happy place. It's desolate, you know, it's dry, there's no coconuts. It's not a good place to be. Plus the icing on top is now I'm stuck out here with John Rocker. I know who he is. He used to pitch for the Braves and everything. They were playing against the New York Mets and he was talking about black people, talking about homosexuals, and all this other stuff. I can't even remember exactly what he said but I remember he said racist things. I'm not saying John Rocker is a racist. You can say stuff like that and it'll follow you for the rest of your life. You know, you can change, yeah sure, but it's still gonna follow you, you know what I mean? But now I need him to protect my wife so I'm gonna try to, I'm gonna try to buddy up to him for a little bit. I'm sharing this clue right now.
11. Jeremy (3/3): I just threw out “You take care of Val, I'll take care of Julie” and it'll be good. So I'm just trying to give Val time, on her side, to work some magic but if she's voted out, Julie's gone right after.
12. Val (1/3): Somebody in my tribe is going home tonight and I am in a tight situation because I don't have an idol and Jaclyn is my one and only alliance. But I'm prepared to make big moves to make sure that I stay in this game.
13. Dale (1/1): The challenge was a kick in the butt. I mean it was one of the toughest things I've ever have to watch. I couldn't be prouder of anybody in my life than Kelley. She never quit. She was down. Her tribe was down. She gave her tribe the win and, uh, unfortunately it was the wrong tribe.
14. Val (2/3): Right now, I am in a tight situation because I don't have an idol. I don't have anything. I am just lying. I have no choice. I have to play big or I'm going home.
15. John (1/3): Val's claiming to have two idols and I've seen the clue so I think at this point I need to get off my ass and start looking for idols. The clue I got said, “Dig, Well, North, Seven.” So I'm thinking, well, seven paces north, dig. So, I'm going to give it a shot and see what we can find. Hope something good turns up. Right now, all I've dug is rocks.
16. John (2/3): And Bingo, boys! Here's what Johnny Rock been looking for. I found, at least, an extra 3 days in the game. Wear it with pride. Tends to be the athlete types always make it right before the merge and then… uh, and they're gone so maybe, I would love to save this to about 4th or 5th Council, play it and go ahead and take myself to the merge. But, uh, this has bought me some extra time. Now I need to figure out a way to protect Val.
17. John (3/3): I did make a promise to Jeremy. If I want to ensure Julie's safety I gotta ensure Val's safety. So, she plays her idol tonight, she should be fine.
18. Val (3/3): I mean, this is like an Oscar winning moment. I don't have the idol but it doesn't even matter because three of them vote Baylor, and Jackie and I vote Baylor. That's five against Baylor. I know me and Jaclyn are safe.
19. Josh (3/3): All of a sudden, John and Val just walk off together. They never walked off together. Like… they... just those two? I kinda wanna know what's going on about that and I don't think he's being honest with me. Splitting a vote is definitely risky at this point in the game because we do have some people on our team that you wonder about sometimes. So tonight, what it ends up coming down to is what do I think is going to get me to the top.
1. Baylor (1/4): I think I’m officially woken up from thinking I’m safe in this game. It’s now a Baylor-fight-for-herself game, not Baylor-rely-on-Josh-to-talk-to-anybody. ‘Cause I was pretty close to being completely blindsided tonight. At this point, I don’t trust anybody necessarily, but I’m still open to playing the game with just about anybody.
2. John (1/5): When Jeremy sees that Val got voted, he’s probably going to be pissed, but I told her to play an idol – they were coming after her – and she just didn’t do it. I mean, I don’t know what else to do, y’know? I divulged inside information that if my alliance of five found out, they’d probably be pretty pissed off at me.
3. Josh (1/8): Right before Tribal Council, I realized that Jaclyn and Val were voting for Baylor and that was not the plan. I think John had something to do with that ‘cause he’d been walking around with Val before Tribal Council and they’ve never spent any time together. John’s credibility has gone way down for me just in this last day, but we’ll probably end up doing is still, like, a strong boy alliance and, unless something crazy changes, Jaclyn and Baylor are probably next on the chopping block.
4. Drew (1/1): I’m really trying to warn my tribe and say, “Hey, y’know, we need to find something to cover up the roof of the shelter.” Literally looks like Swiss cheese. That’s not gonna be good whenever these tropical storms start coming through.
5. Missy (1/1): We’ve redesigned the roof and we started weaving the palm fronds. We had lessons and we got everybody going, even the boys. Except for Drew. He tried for a minute and then it got too frustrating. He had to lay down and take a nap.
6. Keith (1/5): Drew’s a big sleeper. If my son was acting like Drew, you probably don’t wanna know. I probably can’t say it on camera ‘cause I’d get in one of the little aww... Y’know, but we still spank, we still whoop, whatever you want to call it in the South.
7. Natalie (1/2): I don’t understand how you come out here and you’re with total strangers and you don’t feel the need to just pull your own weight. Drew is just a waste of space.
8. Jeremy (1/3): Drew’s just all over the place. I was planning on taking him longer because he’s a moron, you know. But I’m not going to be able to. If he’s physically falling apart right now, I think by, like, Day 20, he’ll be like, “Listen, I want to go home. I wanna go. I’m all done, Jeremy. Take my million dollars – you can have it!”
9. Josh (2/8): All of us guys are like, “What?!” I suspected that he was possibly working with Val, but he totally admitted to it in the middle of the Arena!
10. Jeremy (2/3): “I did everything I could.” No you didn’t! ‘Cause if you did, she would still be here! I’m out to get him now. Point blank.
11. Jeremy (3/3): I was mad when I didn’t see Val because John Rocker told me and shook my hand and said he’ll take care of her. He turned his back on his agreement with me, so even though he’s not from my tribe, I need him out.
12. Natalie (2/2): Well, I don’t feel sorry for Julie at all. Julie’s just covering his ass and trying to cover her’s. Knowing that Big John made some racist comments and homophobic comments, I just want the other tribe to just grow, you know, a pair of balls and just stand up against him.
13. Julie (1/2): I feel really alone by what happened. If everybody believes Jeremy in that my boyfriend John is running the show, then my boyfriend John made me an open target.
14. Julie (2/2): I never thought in my wildest dreams that Blood vs. Water would be this difficult. I know it’s a game, but knowing that my boyfriend kind of put me in this situation makes it hard.
15. Josh (3/8): Exile Island is full of rocks, it's barren and it sucks. I'm probably actually going to sleep on rocks tonight, but at least we get the clue to the Immunity Idol.
16. Keith (2/5): Probably wasn't thinking the first time that me and Val come out here. She got the clue, I got a blank piece of paper. I'm thinking this time, by gosh, I'm going to get something.
17. Keith (3/5): There haven't been but a few people here but... been Jeremy here besides me on my crew. So I need to get back, find the idol and Jeremy is the only one kind of standing in my way.
18. Josh (4/8): I think people would be shocked to how well Keith and I get along. You know, a Louisiana hick and a gay guy from New York. You know, it's not the two people you would ever think they would be just chillin' out and having a good time.
19. Keith (4/5): Me and Josh are probably as far as apart as night and day, you know, black and white. He seems like a good ol' boy, he's just not my good ol' boy.
20. Josh (5/8): I think is so cool to be able to hang out with people from a different walk of life that you wouldn't get to normally do because how else do we change? How else do we grow?
21. Keith (5/5): Josh is on one side of the fire, I'm on the other side of the fire and then there won't be no spooning going on up here tonight either so. I just don't see many Joshes in Louisiana. (laughs)
22. John (2/5): We won. We actually mixed in a win today and we got fishing gear. I try and provide for the tribe. Hope they appreciating that and hopefully that puts me in good standing with the rest of my tribemates.
23. Wes (1/1): I give all the props to John for catching fish. It feels good eating real protein. I feel like we have the upper hand in the next challenge.
24. Baylor (2/4): Right now the guys seem to be teaming up and, uh, throwing the girls under the bus so I have been thinking about what I can say to push the younger guys in the direction of voting John out.
25. Alec (1/2): Baylor is at the bottom of the tribe and she knows it. So she's trying to-to crawl her way up anyway she can. But we have a pretty strong group of guys so we're still planning to get these girls out one by one.
26. Josh (6/8): It is scary that John loses his patience, he loses his temper. I think John is playing haphazardly and he is doing things that are not going to be helpful for the tribe right now and that's a problem.
27. Baylor (3/4): The challenge stunk and I might be in trouble because of the guy-girl ratio. The fact that I started off with a vote and the second Tribal had votes, I feel like I'm gonna have votes tonight. They should vote John tonight. Natalie is a fighter and she's a trash talker but for John to be a professional athlete and act like that, I didn't respect his responses whatsoever. I felt like they were seriously harsh and mean and scary.
28. John (3/5): I didn't think I would skate this entire game without somebody hearing about the past things I said. Natalie called me a homophobe today. Really? My closest ally and closest friend on this tribe is a gay man. Actions vs. accusations, don't really, uh, don't really gelling. I made a few comments back which I regret. I shouldn't have blabbed my mouth so stinkin' much. Who knows how's it gonna go tonight? I may be the one the girls are targeting but I've come up with a pretty decent little strategy that I think is going to work.
29. John (4/5): I told them I want to blindside Dale, trying to get rid of the old guy, the dead wood, you know, so they are not going to be looking at me. But I'm gonna vote for Baylor if I think I can get to Josh, Alec, Dale and Wes.
30. Josh (7/8): I was kind of shocked because I didn't know he has a Hidden Immunity Idol. You want the people that are going to be the most honest with you and the most trusting with you when we're getting so far down in numbers and John has shown some sketchiness and done some things that I don't agree with as far as his mouth with the other tribe, getting on with Val, and doing all this other stuff. Also has an idol. He's not going to use that idol for me. He's going to use that idol for himself. Sometimes you make allies and you don't know really who they are yet and you get to know them and get to know them and you're like “Ohh, I don't think I want to be an ally with this person because they stand for so many things that I'm against.” And in John's case, if I don't have to use him then I don't want to.
31. Baylor (4/4): Obviously I'm celebrating. All the votes that I know about, except for Dale, are going towards John. I just really hope that Josh is telling me the truth and Wes is not just lying to my face. It's freaky and scary 'cause you never know when, when you could just be being completely played.
32. Alec (2/2): We're talking about maybe getting rid of John while we can but physically John is an asset so, is that smart right now? Maybe not.
33. John (5/5): I guess I might as well bring the Immunity Idol with me. I think I've done a pretty good job laying groundwork. I think I've manipulated the right pieces that need to be manipulated but, uh, the tide might turn against me. Who knows? I know it would be nice to have a get out of jail free card.
34. Josh (8/8): Tonight's decision at Tribal is actually pretty huge because if we decide to vote out John we're finally breaking that five guy alliance and we're losing the big guy on our team but if John doesn't go home, it's Baylor. Baylor was my first ally in this game and I know she's with me 100%. John is such a wild card. I don't know. Is there an easy vote tonight? No, but I have to go with my gut and how I think I will be able to continue farthest in this game and I have no idea if I'm making the right decision tonight.
1. Baylor (1/2): Tonight at Tribal, John got voted out. (elated) Yay! Kudos to the team! He was the biggest, strongest guy on our tribe. But I feel, like, more importantly, you have to have a positive team. So, John's attitude being removed, will help us. Unfortunately, that leaves Dale on the outs.
2. Dale (1/1): I probably got comfortable on our five guy alliance and kind of let the social game slide a little bit. I have to put more effort into building trust with people because as of right now, if we lose the next individual immunity, I'm toast.
3. Drew (1/9): The other day, we lost our flint and we had to forfeit our fishing gear, we won, to get a new one and it really aggravated me because I'm a big fisherman and I definitely could provide for the tribe. But now, I'm literally starving to death.
4. Kelley (1/2): Drew's a lot of talk, let's be honest. He says he can do all these amazing things, then he sleeps for four hours. But all we can hear from Drew (mockingly) “fishing gear, fishing gear, we shoulda got the fishing gear!”
5. Drew (2/9): Eating the same portion as a 100 pound girl is really killing me right now. So I think I'm gonna balls up and be like “Work with me, Jeff”. I think that's what a good leader does. You have to make decisions that nobody else really wants to do. You know, it's kinda hard to drag these people along and not get much in return. But the thing is, without me, these people would be nothing, you know.
6. Alec (1/4): We are dying to win. I wanna win so bad. We're desperate and continuing to lose, we're on the ropes and, you know, are we going to be able to pick ourselves up or are we going to be the worst tribe in Survivor history? Who knows?!
7. Jon (1/2): I have mixed emotions on how I feel about sending Drew and Jaclyn to Exile. He is somebody who I do trust but if Drew is anything like he is at camp, Jaclyn might be doing most of the firewood collecting. But she's very strong so I think that she can handle somebody like Drew.
8. Julie (1/1): Seeing my boyfriend John, voted out was hurtful. Just to know that everybody is just anti John Rocker. He was the love of my life but things like this happen all the time with John, where he's automatically judged from Day 1 so I kinda prepared myself. But to be without him right now, is such a desperate feeling. All I can do is just try my best and get myself back in the game.
9. Drew (3/9): Being on Exile Island sucks 'cause it's so hot. And there's no shelter so, uh, it's rough out here. The good thing about being here with Jaclyn is I got an awesome clue. That's number one. Number two is I got a pretty, Miss Michigan type looking chick out here.
10. Drew (4/9): The fact that I'm a ladies man seems to work in my advantage but, uh, I haven't been trying to work that angle too much. Jaclyn is definitely very attractive looking, but the thing is, I'm not out here looking for love. Definitely not with one of my buddy's girls. I'm really out here just trying to strategize and manipulate minds.
11. Jaclyn (1/1): Alec told me his brother's a ladies man. (laughs) So I'm like, “Oh, God!” But I'm not worried about him. I'm just thinking about the game. So I just want to kinda figure out with Drew what's going on, like, and collaborate.
12. Drew (5/9): I've decided, I'm gonna throw in the next Immunity Challenge because honestly all the girls in my tribe seem a little bit untrustworthy to me. They know in the long run they have no chance in competing against us. I'd like to start whittling down the people on our tribe so I can get myself forward and win the million dollars.
13. Keith (1/3): The other day on Exile Island, I got a clue that there is an idol over here by the well so I went up here and dig around and kicked around and see if I coulda find it.
14. Keith (2/3): I dug around the sand for about 30 minutes and, uh, I thought “I'm wasting my time.” Unfortunately, looks like I'm a day late and a dollar short. Look like somebody's already been through there. So, uh, I'm thinking “I mighta got beat to the punch.”
15. Jeremy (1/6): I'm thinking I have Keith with me. But now, I found out he's telling everybody that I have the idol.
16. Jeremy (2/6): I'm pissed. I mean, we're both firefighters. I told you I have your back. If you think I have an idol, why don't you just come to me? Don't you think that we're on the same page and we coulda used it together? Keith was chillin'. He wasn't on anyone's radar. But now I want him gone because Keith, you are a rat.
17. Keith (3/3): I got to thinking “Idols are important in this game. Having one of 'em would be a big thing to have around.” And I said “Alright, well, we'll go back, you know, maybe I wasn't... due north or seven steps.” So I just poked and prodded around a little more. Thought it done been found but, um, obviously not. Matter of fact, it just kinda jumped out at me, kinda scared me. I'm probably not going to tell anybody that I have the idol because the last thing I need is a target on my back. I'm not a brain surgeon but if everybody thinks Jeremy has it, that could be good for me.
18. Baylor (2/2): Alec feels like a little brother sometimes to me, even though he's two years older. He likes to boss me around a little bit so I have to bite my tongue a bunch. I'm like, “Hello, I'm not your slave!”
19. Alec (2/4): Baylor does things here and there that kinda get on my nerves and I'm not gonna to let her get away with it. She makes it seem like in her life everything's given to her, just like it was for Drew. But she's not my brother so I'm gonna call her on every single thing she does.
20. Alec (3/4): As a kid, my dad didn't go wake Drew up to go wash cars 'cause he knew Drew wouldn't be worth a damn. He came and woke me up. I had to work hard for everything I've gotten and I think in the end it made me a stronger person.
21. Alec (4/4): I think sharing some of that knowledge with others might be what we need to do to get everybody on the same page and just believe that we can beat the other tribe. David can beat Goliath.
22. Drew (6/9): Am I going to throw the Challenge today? That is the million dollar question. People are going to hate me for doing that but I could care less. Sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do to get things done.
23. Drew (7/9): I threw the Challenge today because we need to go to Tribal and get some of the snakes that are in our team off. If I don't want to win, we're not going to win. And that's what makes me the kingpin of my tribe.
24. Drew (8/9): I kinda decided on Exile that if I had the opportunity to throw this game, I would. And, uh, I did. I don't know if they knew I was throwing it but I could care less because we need to start getting rid of some of the snakes in our tribe. So, um, basically I'm a badass, and a manipulator of this game. (laughs)
25. Jon (2/2): My argument today was Julie should be the one to go. She hasn't really been helping in Challenges, she doesn't help around camp. It would be an easy one to agree on. But most importantly, she doesn't have a loved one.
26. Drew (9/9): My personal biggest threat right now is Kelley. She plays very low-key but at the same time, she's very observant and if you talk to her you know that she has not missed one episode of Survivor. So Kelley's a threat and it's my mission to get people to vote for her tonight.
27. Jeremy (3/6): This is the thing, I want Keith gone. Keith is trying to go after me so now I don't trust him at all. But Drew, he wants to get rid of Kelley now because he thinks Kelley runs the girls, which is ridiculous. She's not doing anything.
28. Jeremy (4/6): With Drew, there's no throwing back and forth. He's just like, “Kelley's going home, and that's it!” And it pissed me off.
29. Natalie (1/2): Drew, he's scared the girls are going to vote out guys which is stupid. We don't even have the numbers to do that but he's convinced of this girl-girl alliance. Luckily, the guys have kind of a mess, you know. They're not on the same page, which is good.
30. Natalie (2/2): Getting rid of Drew... that would be so sweet if we can pull this off. He's so annoying but we have to do it now while the guys are all over the place.
31. Kelley (2/2): I was standing by the shelter and I heard Drew leading this charge to get me out and I was like, “What the hell?!” I don't know what it is. Maybe he's just threatened by me, you know, as a strong female. But Drew gets this vision in his head and he's like the king of it. And he has to be the one to, like, give the final decision and I think people are getting over that really, really quickly.
32. Jeremy (5/6): This is how it's going right now: the girls want to get rid of Drew. Yes, he's a moron. But that's a big move and it makes me nervous.
33. Jeremy (6/6): The problem is the guys are all over the place. Drew is saying, “Kelley's the play.” Jon is like, “We're going after Julie.” And, I want to get rid of Keith. It’s just crazy. Maybe we should get rid of Drew. He's digging his own grave but I'm just not sure if it's the right time.
1. Jon (1/5): Tribal was freaking insane! I was definitely one of the odd ones out. Drew was definitely a friend of mine but, uh, he stepped in a lot of people's toes in the past few days so I am very nervous and I got a lot of damage control to do.
2. Jeremy (1/5): Jon is on his apology tour because he knows he'll be gone next. He comes to me but I didn't have to do anything. I just swooped him up. You know what I mean? This is beautiful. (laughs) I'm right in the middle of where I want to be. This is perfect. I'm in a beautiful spot right now.
3. Josh (1/3): Someone coined coming back into the Arena with one less person “The Walk of Shame.” And since we won immunity, it's going to be nice to have the other team do it except if it's your loved one who is not there.
4. Alec (1/2): There's another showdown in the Arena and I will absolutely be excited to face off against Drew. He's socked me in the mouth a couple of times already but I'm still standing and if I can sock him and knock him down, I'm gonna.
5. Jon (2/5): When I first realized that Jaclyn and I were going to be on the same tribe, it was an extremely happy moment right when I needed it. When I was at Hunahpu, I was on the wrong side of the numbers so tribe swap came at the right time. It's a whole game changer.
6. Wes (1/1): You come to a new tribe, a new camp and sucks, kinda, 'cause the food situation on this camp is horrible. I don't know what they were thinking, thinking that they got (makes small circle with hands) this much rice left and they got another 20-something days. We probably have more than half a bag and they got a handful of rice left. So it had to been why they were winning.
7. Jeremy (2/5): This morning, I wasn't on anyone's radar and I could do whatever I wanted. And what happens? My worst nightmare, a tribe swap. We get Wes, and Alec, and Josh together on our tribe. So all they have to do is Josh work his magic on Reed and Reed can jump ship and my game is history. They're gonna go right after me. I guarantee that.
8. Josh (2/3): I'm so excited about the switch and I was excited to actually get to play with Reed. I've been wondering what's been going on with him. My relationship with Reed definitely gave me the strength to come out to my family and to my friends. I grew up a very conservative Christian. My dad was a pastor and so not everyone agrees with how I'm living my life. We've been together two years now and because it's such a big commitment, we decided we're remaining abstinent 'till marriage and it's that level of commitment that's gonna take us all the way to the end.
9. Jon (3/5): My first steps on to the new Coyopa camp, it's good. (laughs) I'm feeling good about it. They got a bunch of rice. And I was just like, “Yes!” Like, “We get to eat!” You know. I couldn't be happier but even more importantly, I'm on the same tribe with Jaclyn.
10. Jon (4/5): Being here with Jaclyn right now, is a huge weight off my shoulders. She knows everything that's going on in my life. Especially, you know, my-my dad right now is, uh, dying of brain cancer. Jaclyn's been there for me every step of the way and, uh, I'm so excited that I can actually share some of this experience with her and even more excited that it seems, like, you know, we can help each other.
11. Jaclyn (1/3): When Jon got a yellow buff I was like, “I have no idea what this means for my individual game now.” It's unheard of to just have someone playing with you that you trust 100%. It's kind of crazy.
12. Jaclyn (2/3): We've been together for three years and we definitely do know how to work together as a team. We've just been through so much and it's good that we have that past so we know how to work together in this kind of situation.
13. Baylor (1/3): Jaclyn and Jon are in love. You know, it's kind of like I was watching a honeymoon. I'm totally jealous. I'm sitting here, single, 20, hanging out with my mom. Mom and I are both single. My mom has made her share mistakes. She's been married three times and divorced three times. My time will come, my mom's next time will come. (laughs)
14. Keith (1/2): Brand new tribe, uh... it is a little… it’s a little bit weird being odd man out, uh, which I don't know. I mean, it's a mom and a daughter, it's a daddy and a daughter, and it's a guy and a girlfriend. I'm kind in a rock and a hard place. Uh... I might be by myself but you know, I gotta a little idol. Matter of fact, it's in my boot. If all else fails, I got the backup plan... that's always an ace in the hole.
15. Alec (2/2): I feel pretty good about the new tribe, to be honest. I feel like we have the more athletic of the two tribes. So maybe my tribe won't suck like the last one. It's only Day 11 and I'm like, (flexes both biceps) “I'm fine! I feel good!” I think I proved that I'm not in my brother's shadow anymore. I-I outlasted him in the game. So for the first time in my life I can say “I beat Drew.”
16. Jeremy (3/5): I can only assume that Reed jumped ship with Josh, Wes and, uh, Alec. So, like, I'm hoping I can just say to Alec “Just roll with us.” Alec-- he's by himself. He's a single. But couples are not going to break their bond. He's going to be out if he sticks with Josh and Reed.
17. Jeremy (4/5): As a firefighter, we have this thing called “surround and drown.” Surround and drown is if you're fighting fire in a building and it gets out of control and you can't even go inside anymore, everybody stay outside with their hoses, surround it and drown it. That's what we need to do. We need to just drown him with the water of the singles, you know.
18. Jeremy (5/5): I'm definitely going to play Alec's ego. Like, he's just like his brother. He's just like his brother. It's like a little Drew. But I'm still working on him. Told you, it's a surround and drown. It's not over.
19. Missy (1/1): There's a ton of rice at this camp and Dale is like on monitor duty about how much they have. That's not how we did it over there. We made so much more than this. My daughter told me that Dale has tried to vote her out, pretty much the entire time. It's hard when you hear that someone's not being nice to your kid. I'm just telling you, I mean blood is blood. So, in this experience, the only thing I want to protect my kid from is that guy picking on her.
20. Dale (1/2): Our tribe has been doing real good about rice. We still got two thirds of our jug left. Then Missy comes in and starts dishing out double helpings. I was biting my lip hard enough to draw blood because it took every bit of self control to walk over and slap those rice dishes out of their hands. Say “Guys, this is our camp, this is my rice. Stay the hell away from it!”
21. Kelley (1/2): I'm almost waiting for Missy and my dad to get in a battle over the rice. I, like, see it. I see it forming. Missy plays that sweet mom role but she can be a bit of a diva and my dad is a small town, hard working farm man and he doesn't deal with that kind of stuff. I'm really happy to be playing with my dad but he's really set in his ways and says what's on his mind so there are certain things that he does that I think can bother people a little bit. In the long run, getting in a fight with someone over an extra scoop of rice, like it can get you voted out next time. I'm gonna play peacemaker, I have to. Otherwise, my dad is going to put a big old bullseye on his back, which puts a bullseye on my back.
22. Reed (1/2): Food's getting dire. We're down to just, like, a handful of rice, a handful of beans and it takes its toll.
23. Josh (3/3): On our tribe we were eating once a day. We could've gone 39 Days easily the way we were going. Here, we have 3 Days of food left and then what? I'm shocked, to be honest, that people were not smarter. There were some very foolhardy players on this side. It's really, really frustrating. I don't know what we're going to do.
24. Reed (2/2): I feel like the last time we tried to barter with Jeff it kinda made us look a little foolish because this is not Survivor Market. But if that's what it takes, that's what we're going to settle for because we need food to be competitive.
25. Julie (1/1): Jeff said that he would come to our camp to discuss some sort of a trade. We need to negotiate something in order to get more rice. But that's really going to be heavy. That's going to hit hard. I'm not really sure what's going to happen so I'm scared.
26. Keith (2/2): Bad we lost the challenge. Seems like these three couples would be gunning to get me. That's just a free vote. They wouldn't lose none of their loved ones. Keith would be gone. Everything would be good. But, uh, the three couples, one don't like the other one, you know. That could be real good for me. I mean, we'll see tonight at Tribal.
27. Dale (2/2): We got three couples and Keith so if you could get another couple on your side, you control our tribe. It's as simple as that. It's 4 against 3. The way Missy and Baylor both have been around camp, are one of the key things driving my vote. Missy is very pushy around camp and Baylor's proven in the past she'll tell somebody to vote one way and then she changes her vote at the last minute and that makes you nervous as hell at this stage in the game. So, we absolutely have to work with Jon and Jaclyn because they're swing votes. Not it's scramble city.
28. Kelley (2/2): At this point in time, my dad and I are definitely working on Jaclyn and Jon, uh, trying to just make sure that they're on our side. If the whole point is to choose a pair, not the name of the game, then I'm choosing Jon and Jaclyn. Missy and Baylor are out.
29. Jon (5/5): We have so many couples here, it really is all about finding your couple that you match up with. The most important thing is to be able to read a situation and be able to say, “Is this the best thing for me now?” So, uh, I'm leaving room for making adjustments.
30. Baylor (2/3): Part of the switch, Jaclyn and I never really worked together one on one so this is… this is a new ballgame with me and her, for sure.
31. Baylor (3/3): My mom and I put some cards on the table. Hopefully they'll, you know, choose us over Dale and Kelley.
32. Jaclyn (3/3): What makes me nervous about working with Missy and Baylor right now, just because of Baylor's past, the basic idea is that Baylor flipped on me once and she could do it again. But Dale's sneaky and I'm sure her daughter is the same way. Missy and Baylor want us, and Kelley and Dale want us. And we both keep telling them “Yeah, we're in.” If we're planning on teaming up with Dale and Kelley, Jon and I are voting Baylor. If we're teaming up with Baylor and Missy, then we're splitting the vote in case there's an Immunity Idol and one of them plays it. This is a big decision tonight. It will determine what couples we may or may not be playing with later so knocking out one of them is a big move. You're going to have to vote out somebody's loved one and somebody's not going to be happy.
1. Dale (1/3): Tribal was probably as bad as it could get. For me it was obvious, very upsetting 'cause you see complete strangers slaughter your daughter in front of your eyes and there's nothing you can do about it. It was the roughest thing I've ever watched my daughter go through and I don't think there's any father that could be more proud of a daughter than I am of Kelley. It's tough. But I'm not going to give up until I can't talk anymore.
2. Dale (2/3): Just reading the votes last night, I know who's next, me. So, I gotta do something drastic to make sure I don't go home. I'm not dead 'til I see my name written four times. The idol is not a true idol. I just took it out of the water well first day here. They don't know it's not but they're gonna spend a couple of restless nights thinking it is.
3. Jon (1/3): This morning Dale showed me an Immunity Idol. If we lose in the next Immunity Challenge, the idol potentially could ruin our plan and that really scares me.
4. Jeremy (1/5): After we won the Immunity Challenge yesterday, Reed asked Jeff if we could make a trade for rice. If you're trading something for rice, Jeff's gonna clean you out. I'm not having that. Like, “Come on guys, suck it up! We can win a reward tomorrow. We can have a feast tomorrow. Why y'all so hungry over a little bit of rice?” Like, it's-it’s just mind-boggling to me.
5. Reed (1/1): Jeff took away our comfort, and our tools, and one of our pots, which I feel like is, is all worth it.
6. Jeremy (2/5): They're all happy. Like I'm pissed! You know he just took all our stuff, yo. Why y'all happy?! It's so frustrating.
7. Julie (1/2): We gave all of our comfort back. It really sucked. Our tarp being gone is a… is a really big deal to me. I don't know if it is to everyone else as much as it is to me. I just know how I am. I'm very worried about the rain. Being cold is really, is really gonna test me.
8. Missy (1/3): Baylor is in very good hands. Natalie said, “I'll go to Exile.” I know that I have Natalie. I know she's with me and I think it'll be super beneficial.
9. Keith (1/2): The fish are biting but I can't... I think they're too little... I can't even... I can't catch 'em they're so little. They're nibbling and then they get my bait every time.
10. Missy (2/3): So today, Dale decides to show Jon that he has an idol. Puts a little wrinkle in the plan.
11. Natalie (1/3): Me making this move to volunteer to go to Exile, I hope it plays in my favor. Once I merge I'll just prove to Missy and Baylor like, “Listen, we need to take care of Natalie if she's not taken care of.”
12. Natalie (2/3): Baylor has the Immunity Idol clue. She straight up showed it to me. I didn't ask her, she just showed it to me. Getting information from Baylor, I feel like long term is way more important to me right now than some food reward.
13. Natalie (3/3): Me, Jeremy, and Julie, we're on the chopping block now. Long term, whatever Baylor says, I'm listening to because Missy I trust, and so if I can trust Missy, I can trust Baylor.
14. Josh (1/1): I'm so proud of Reed for pulling it out. We came back with eight shish kebabs, a barbecue pit and I'm like “Yeah, that's my guy! He did that.”
15. Jeremy (3/5): Josh and Reed, they're walking like they own the place, just um... (mockingly imitates them walking) and then they're all lovey-dovey with each other. If Val was here we'd be so separate that you would think we don't really like each other at all, like, and that's what you're supposed to do. But these two hugging and kissing, that's a threat.
16. Alec (1/1): I'm a meat collector. I-I eat meat a lot. It was ridiculous! My skirt was blown up.
17. Jeremy (4/5): We just had a feast but we didn't have our tarp anymore because the brainiacs wanted to give that away. If we just left it for another day we would've had a full meal. Like they're so dumb!
18. Jeremy (5/5): Oh Julie, Julie, Julie. This is a sad situation. Crying, ready to go home. If Julie quits, like I wouldn't know what to do. I'm dying for numbers. But if she has to go, I need her to go before I go. (snickers) You know what I mean? So I can make this merge and I can make some magic happen.
19. Julie (2/2): Jeremy is checking on me this morning. He keeps telling me, you know, “Hang in there. I need you.” He is here to protect me, I'm here to protect him. Last night raw me pretty hard. It was the hardest night of my life. I thought about it a million times, you know, you're in a hard situation, you can jump ship at any time but I'm sitting here right now and that speaks volumes to me and it says a lot.
20. Keith (2/2): We can't catch a break. What do you do?! Heck, I mean, we were there today. It is frustrating. (spits) But now, my job is to get Dale outta there and get to the merge where I can reunite with Wesley and we're gonna have a strong pack then. I got my backup plan too. It's great having that idol. You can always pull that baby out. I don't want to but you always can. That's the luxury of having it.
21. Dale (3/3): Right now I'm one guy against a tribe of five. So I, uh, sat down with Jon right away and I told him that if I did not get voted out tonight, I'd give him my idol. I'm sure the idol is not real so playing that idol would not benefit me one bit. Right now I'm bartering that idol for votes. For tonight at Tribal I think with Jon, Jaclyn, myself, we're gonna vote Missy out. Missy has got the most ties back in the previous camp.
22. Jon (2/3): Dale said if he doesn't go home tonight, he would give me his Immunity Idol. It's very tempting to take that offer but you can't just get hung up on small details, right? And I have to consider all the pieces of this puzzle.
23. Missy (3/3): Just in case Dale has this idol, we're gonna have three people vote Dale, and then Baylor and I are gonna vote Keith. If he plays his idol, Keith goes home. I'm sad about that but better Keith than me and Baylor.
24. Jon (3/3): Jaclyn and I once again find ourselves in the middle. There are options here. One, we could vote for Dale, we could take out Keith, or we could vote for Missy. I feel like the best option here is to actually align with Dale and use the idol for the alliance's advantage. But the biggest thing that I need to do for this vote is line myself up so when the merge happens, Jaclyn and I are a power couple.
1. Missy (1/4): Last night we voted Dale out but there's been so much paranoia and talk of him having an idol we decided that Baylor and I would write Keith but I had some reserve about it because I knew we're going to sit pretty. No one likes have their name written down.
2. Keith (1/6): When I saw my name come up twice at Tribal I said, “What in the world, are you kidding me?! My name wasn't in the plan. Did I miss the memo?”
3. Keith (2/6): It was Missy and Baylor that voted for me and they give me some lame excuse. Well, I need somebody to stays loyal. Shoot, I'm done with y'all. I'll leave you hanging high and dry.
4. Josh (1/11): We got our Tree Mail that basically said we were merged and it was a mixed emotion feeling at that point because we needed to get rid of Jeremy and we didn't do it when we had the chance because we've not gone to Tribal with this full tribe. So now it makes it a little more precarious to get Jeremy out but we can do this.
5. Jeremy (1/10): In this game I always say like it goes, you have ups and downs, ups and downs... and I was down. At Hunahpu, Reed and Josh were in charge and they ran it and I took a backseat and that's alright, you know, you guys have your fun. But it's merge time. Now it's time to go and I want to crush 'em.
6. Jaclyn (1/2): We got Tree Mail that said pack your things, we are merging. I'm really excited. It's a big milestone for me and Jon to have made the merge together. We never thought that this would have happened. Now here we are both going into it, Day 16 at the merge and once we get to the other side we'll feel it out. Because we're definitely keeping our options open.
7. Reed (1/1): Coming into the merge, it's a whole new chapter. We're all coming back together, you're trying to figure out what still stands, what has dissipated and then there's this Blood vs. Water element. You have a natural alliance that's built in that's so apparent and then you have people that don't have their loved ones in the game anymore so it's going to be interesting to see what happens.
8. Jon (1/5): Having absolutely nothing for 16 Days and then seeing this giant feast waiting and its got cheese, and trail mix, and booze, and lobster, and shrimp, and it was awesome! You know, it’s food!
9. Julie (1/6): On our previous tribe we just had one couple and that was Reed and Josh. That was a little annoying, you know, kind of seeing them having their lover's vacay. But now that we're merged we have multiple loved ones together and it's really tough on me, is I miss my boyfriend John. I kind of want to separate myself from the group and go and cry a little bit.
10. Wes (1/2): That feast was the number one highlight of this game so far. I mean, everything was great. We got to take all the food left we had home so we'll have a feast tomorrow too.
11. Keith (3/6): I'm excited to play with Wes. It's been sixteen days and, um, yeah, it was good to see him. So, uh, I could care less about Missy and Baylor. (spits)
12. Josh (2/11): The game all of a sudden is like speeding 'cause you're doing so much. You're going through exhaustion, you're going through just mental mind craziness and then to add on to all that the elements out here, it's not easy. But now we're merged and it's a little daunting with so many people and it's a little scary and it's a little uncomfortable because this is where you make or break if you're going to have the numbers for the rest of this game.
13. Jeremy (2/10): The merge is a milestone but I think even more than that this is where the game starts. It's like the first half of the game is, those are the prelims, you know. This is a total different level of play, like we have to all step our games up.
14. Jeremy (3/10): The only way I'm going to continue on in this game is if I can keep numbers. So I have myself, Nat, always Julie. Julie is just a number. Now I need to get two couples-- Jon, Jaclyn and Missy and Baylor.
15. Jeremy (4/10): As soon as I got here there was a few people I wanted to talk to but Jon was number one on the list.
16. Jeremy (5/10): The first vibe I got from Jon was a good vibe. He has Jaclyn. I said, “Alright, we're good. We're back together. We're moving forward.”
17. Jeremy (6/10): Missy's been with me since Day 1. I know I have Missy and Missy will bring Baylor. We have seven, that's all we need.
18. Josh (3/11): I'll tell you what, alliances are crazy right now and there's a lot of mayhem, and a lot of talking going on. I think Jeremy's been talking to everyone. He's trying to just gather his troops around because he knows that it could be the couples. The goal is just to make sure that Jeremy doesn't get the numbers before we get the numbers, 'cause if not, I'm screwed.
19. Keith (4/6): Wesley's birthday is today. As a matter of fact, I woke up this morning and forgot all about it and then, uh, Josh wished him Happy Birthday before I did.
20. Keith (5/6): Yeah, I did forget for a minute but, uh, no big deal. I-I finally remembered and wished him Happy Birthday and everything's, everything's good. Happy Birthday right here on the beach.
21. Josh (4/11): There are four people who are singles and eight people who are couples so I'm thinking: why don't we stick together as couples and be able to get down to numbers with the people we love?
22. Josh (5/11): Right now my tightest alliance is me and Reed, Alec, Wes and Keith but that's still five. We need at least seven so I think I can still get Baylor to vote with me, um, because I did save her once and Missy is gonna transfer with Baylor to me.
23. Baylor (1/1): That's difficult because my mom has a bunch of alliances. I only have one, strong one with Josh and she's with Jon, Jaclyn, Jeremy, Natalie. So being aligned with Josh still is really difficult for me right now. Starting off this game, me and Josh immediately aligned and he pretty much protected me. That-that's what's hardest for me, is, you know, being like, thank you so much for helping me, now I have to vote you out.
24. Josh (6/11): I chatted to Baylor and I was like, "I saved your life and now we come over here and you're just gonna not, like ignore that completely?" Like, I honestly was a little hurt.
25. Missy (2/4): Baylor is 20 and sometimes she acts like she's 30 and sometimes she acts like she's 10. She has this need to please but she's gonna have to figure out how to handle her heart 'cause she does have a sweet heart, um, when it comes down to voting Reed or Josh out.
26. Missy (3/4): I mean, I know she respects me but the difference is she's coming to me and asking me questions and it feels pretty good because it's like, okay, yeah I've made some bad decisions in my life, she's had to stand by and watch 'em and I felt really pretty crappy about that. No mom is proud of being divorced one, two or three times and to especially to have your kid have to watch you go through it. But it's like I get to kind of redeem myself here and she's watching it because now she's back to being my kid and she's listening to me and I'm like, "Look, trust me on this, follow my lead, get in the backseat and let me drive. We're going to head down this path and we're going to be fine but you got to listen to me".
27. Josh (7/11): I feel like the time that Baylor was away from me that she really got under her mom's influence in diverting her away from myself and Reed so now I've no other options. Besides Jon and Jaclyn, we have to make a play for these people or we will be out of the numbers.
28. Jon (2/5): Josh approached Jaclyn and I and said, you know, "We would love to work with you". Once again, we find ourselves in the middle. Seems that Jaclyn and I became a power couple once the tribe swap happened when two couples, we were kind in the middle and both of them needed our help. So we're being given a lot of opportunities to control our fate.
29. Jaclyn (2/2): It's the exact same story again with me and Jon. We are for sure in the middle so it's like which way do me and Jon go? It's really stressful because one wrong vote could be a million dollar decision.
30. Julie (2/6): I know that everybody is looking out for any food that's just laying around and at this point I still have a little trail mix I took from the feast. But, um, I'm keeping them in my bag and now I feel a little guilty, I feel like I need to throw it out or something because everybody else has munched out of everything that they had already. If I showed everybody what I had it would be gone like that. I was smart enough to gather it then it's mine. I got some of the leftover nuts, a few apricots and a few dates and I'll share with who I like.
31. Wes (2/2): Missing trail mix. We found out Julie has it in her bag. The smallest girl here. It is one of the most selfish things you could do in Survivor, I feel like. So a lot of people are pissed off at her for that and we're probably going to take it from her bag and eat it all.
32. Jon (3/5): At home okay, take trail mix. “Oh, okay, no big deal. Yeah, it's trail mix. Who cares?” Here, we don't have anything to eat. She's selfish and she's awful and I can't trust someone in my alliance who's stealing people's food. It's ridiculous!
33. Julie (3/6): It was the weirdest thing when I walked back up to camp. It was literally like you could just slice the tension with a knife. I'm a pretty observant person. It doesn't take a brilliant person to figure out what's going on right here. I'm feeling some of my tribemates know that I was hoarding or stealing trail mix and right now I feel like I got a fire under my butt. So, things don't look so good for me right now.
34. Josh (8/11): I'm definitely in the most precarious situation I've been in, in this game yet. Without Jon and Jaclyn on board it's still not a majority. I think my name will be on the chopping block so I'm just going to go out there and try to win and fight to the end.
35. Keith (6/6): It's crazy, I won immunity. It come down to me and Wesley. I'm not ready to turn over the reins to him but, uh, tonight is critical. We'll know exactly where everybody stands after tonight's vote.
36. Jeremy (7/10): My first individual Immunity Challenge, first one out. This is ridiculous. I thought I'd kill these challenges. I-I'm terrible at these challenges. I was out before an old guy, a mom, Ju... (laughs) I was out before Julie. I was out before Julie! But going into the Tribal Council tonight I feel like I'm safe, I feel like we have the numbers.
37. Julie (4/6): I heard Alec's little punk butt saying something about trail mix and I'm definitely angry but, um, I don't know what I'm going to do. I'm just, I'm, I'm really lost, I'm feeling really low. I'm feeling lost and confused.
38. Missy (4/4): She stole food and put it in her bag and didn't share with anybody and it's obnoxious, it really is. But Julie goes home well then that hurts us. One messed up vote at Tribal can kind of throw this whole plan into the toilet.
39. Julie (5/6): I needed to talk to somebody. I feel like I could trust Missy but when she told me “To stick it out, I'm here for you, I'm your loved one, I'm your loved one” when John's gone, “and just do this, we need you”. I get it, I'm a smart gal. They need me because they want to get further based on using me. Hey, I'm not going to hate 'em for it, it’s the way the game goes. But I see clearly what that is and I can make a decision right now based on what I need.
40. Jeremy (8/10): Josh is the only one in Josh's alliance that is playing the game. If you take him out, it's over!
41. Josh (9/11): This is my home turf but I have to give Jeremy props because he is playing this game and actually he's playing it well. It just is opposite to what I'm doing and so it's frustrating. We have to get Jaclyn and Jon. It would make sense to go couples together and singles out. Blood vs. Water, that's what this game is about. Why don't we get rid of the people who don't have their loved ones anymore?
42. Jon (4/5): After looking at the options, feeling out the people, I've found myself making a complete 180 in terms of what alliances I am supporting.
43. Jon (5/5): Looks like we're going to be going on the couples train and voting Jeremy out today. I've preached against jumping ship before because if you jump ship you're going to be on the bottom of the totem pole but we are a couple so going with Josh, Reed, Alec, Wes and Keith has more long term potential with fewer bumps in the road.
44. Julie (6/6): I never thought in my wildest dreams that Blood vs. Water would be this difficult. It has been the longest three weeks of my life away from the man I love and it's like taking a toll on me.
45. Jeremy (9/10): As soon as Jeff says Julie's gone I instantly think about the numbers. She was my number, you know, I needed that. And so now, you know, I could be going home tonight.
46. Josh (10/11): Julie quit the game which puts Jeremy and that alliance a little more at unease because they have one less number. And I'm happy about that because our odds are better at Tribal tonight to get Jeremy out.
47. Josh (11/11): I do feel like with Julie's early exit it was not on our side 'cause we wanted to get Jeremy out right then and that plan was solid, it seemed like. But Jeremy hopefully is on borrowed time now and I don't think he even realized. I think he thinks that Reed or myself would be gone today and there was a 20% chance of that happening but I think there was an 80% chance of Jeremy leaving.
48. Jeremy (10/10): Yeah, Julie kind of messed it up. I wanted Josh out of the game. I feel like it bothered me more than everybody else. I'm upset that she left because she really messed up my plans.
1. Missy (1/3): Because Julie quit, we didn’t have to go to Tribal and it really threw a wrinkle in the plan. I mean, I think for everybody. My alliance has their plan: to vote Josh out. We were ready to go. But we can’t do that until we get to a Tribal.
2. Jon (1/7): We didn’t have a Tribal last night so nobody knows exactly where Jaclyn and I stand right now. They think I’m solid on that side, I’m solid on that side, but the fact is we decided on taking out Jeremy.
3. Jon (2/7): Jeremy is going to be going home very, very soon. Originally, we told him we were down with voting out Josh so I don’t think he has any clue whatsoever that Jaclyn and I have flipped. But ultimately, I do need to consider what my best path is and my best path right now does not include Jeremy.
4. Reed (1/1): We won reward, which was amazing. We got to come to the Survivor style Taco Bar and there's just kind of anything you could want. What was so strange is that we got a really eclectic mix of people from two different alliances together that don't really have anything to talk about necessarily and we're all just trying to keep things calm and kind of keep that homeostasis.
5. Natalie (1/1): There's no real alliance between anybody here. It's kinda like Jeremy and me on one side and Reed, Keith and Wes on the other side. You know, we had Missy or we had Jon over here, we would be strategizing the entire time.
6. Jeremy (1/3): Keith comes out and says: "If we had to vote somebody out yesterday, I don't know what we would've done, like we were all up in the air"... and he's telling me this. And I am looking at him like, “C'mon, I know you guys are targeting me. Like, get-get outta here.” It tells me that Keith is at least trying to play the game, but I don't think he's really good at it.
7. Wes (1/1): My dad said slow down, enjoy it and of course I didn't at all. And I'm scarfing down burritos, and quesadillas and margaritas and beer. I just wish I had the willpower to control myself. It was all fun and games until I felt like crap.
8. Keith (1/1): Wes is a good kid. He'd been in jail yet. Ah, you know, but he does makes some mistakes. I can just give him my words of wisdom is all about I can do.
9. Josh (1/4): Well, the Reward Challenge... Needless to say, we lost and man it was frustrating. But honestly, this couldn't have gone better as far as the people I needed to be talking to and the people I needed to be bonding with. So I’m going to put my little feelers out there one more time with Baylor to try and get the target off my back.
10. Baylor (1/3): It was uncomfortable when Josh came up to me and said, “You owe me.” I almost feel like I am being, like, blackmailed a little bit. To me, that just doesn’t seem like a guy who comes from a Christian family and a pastor for a dad. I mean, I was taught that you should give a gift without expecting anything in return, so I feel like I don’t owe him anything.
11. Josh (2/4): I was just trying to solidify her and Missy’s vote for the couples just to give us a couple more numbers. But Missy is kind of controlling Baylor right now and I don’t think they are going to vote with the couples so, at this point, I am pretty fed up with Baylor.
12. Josh (3/4): I'm really hoping that Jon and Jaclyn are being truthful. But all I can do right now is hope that they are and try and keep that relationship going.
13. Jon (3/7): Exile Island is extremely desolate and being out here by myself sucks. I'm lonely, I miss Jaclyn. I do feel, like, in Jaclyn my game, she's obviously been helping me make all the decisions. With me away, it gives Jaclyn her chance to build those relationships up so that she is not just seen as like the tag-along.
14. Jon (4/7): I open up the clue and my ears are immediately perked. It's a clue to a new idol that's here on Exile instead of back at our camp and this is huge. It said, “Lack of water is a double edge sword.” So I'm thinking I have to go searching while the tide is low and the sword kinda looks like a peninsula. I look and there's this big peninsula sticking out in the middle of Exile Island. So I'm thinking its gotta be over there. As I make my way around there's a billion rocks here and I'm looking under all of them but I can't find an idol. The tide was coming up. I don't know if I'm gonna get another chance to look for it. And I was like, I need to find it right now. The next logical place that it would be is up on this big pillar right in the middle that I haven't climbed yet.
15. Jon (5/7): Found me a Hidden Immunity Idol. She is a beauty. That's a game changer. Then it's exciting to have that kind of power in the game because now whatever I want to happen really is going to happen.
16. Jeremy (2/3): Wes and Alec and Keith they're just rude, you know. They're not even try to hide it and they are laughing about it. I mean, as a firefighter we act like that at the firehouse sometimes, you know what I mean? But as soon as a woman comes in the room, you shut it down. Everyone's on their best behavior, because that's how you act around women. But these guys, they're the first ones to eat, like jumping in front of the girls. I'm like, "What are you all doing?!" Like, “Have some manners.”
17. Baylor (2/3): Alec treats me like I'm his baby sister that he wants to bug. And that's been the case since Day 1. So I'm kinda over it. My mom's like, “Just let it go.” Unfortunately, I get bugged easily.
18. Missy (2/3): It's like the most chauvinistic group of men I've ever met and I've seen rude people before, but these guys are the worst.
19. Jaclyn (1/3): The guys on this tribe are really arrogant and rude. I already knew that but, like, after Jon left, oh my gosh, I saw such a difference in the way they treated me. And I am just like, “Screw you guys! Without me and Jon's vote you don't have anything.”
20. Alec (1/1): I feel as comfortable as I probably could right now. Because, Jon is a smart dude. He knows that Jeremy is a threat, and he trusts me, and that's big. And I know that Jaclyn is gonna do whatever Jon says. So this alliance is sticking together and as long as Jeremy doesn't win immunity, we're gonna vote him out.
21. Jeremy (3/3): I won the Immunity Challenge today. And, uh, it was a beautiful thing. I know that Josh and his goons were coming after me, so it's huge. I am pretty sure our alliance is all set with voting for Josh. The two of us have been battling each other for control of the game. But now it's all about Jon and Jaclyn and I am hoping they're on my side. Because if not, I'm gonna have to keep on winning this beautiful thing, you know, in order for me to stay alive.
22. Josh (4/4): Right now the plan is to vote for Baylor tonight. I tried to get Baylor on my side. But, she didn't go for it. So, she's gotta go. But right now, I'm relying on Jaclyn and Jon to vote on our side. Because if not, today is my last day out here.
23. Jon (6/7): Coming back from Exile, I had initially thought that Jaclyn and I were gonna be aligning with Josh and the guys. But then Jaclyn brought up some interesting information, that while I was gone, the guys were completely ignoring her the whole time and made her feel like crap. I mean, this is the love of my life talking. However, this is a game. And you can't be just acting on emotions.
24. Jaclyn (2/3): Jon and I have to decide which way to go. I thought that Jon was gonna have my back but he's worried about teaming up with Jeremy because his story would win over our story in the final three. So, Jon is thinking really far ahead, which is stupid. But now, I feel like there is all this up in the air with everything.
25. Missy (3/3): I've been through this gunning for Baylor thing for a while now. And I got my ear bit already today by Keith, you know, "Baylor doesn't do anything!" I mean it doesn't feel good ever to have your child picked on. But, I'm gonna back her, she knows I love her and that's all that matters.
26. Baylor (3/3): I just found out that Keith spit out my name to my mom. Which is stupid, you don't tell the mom that you're voting for the daughter, period. But now, I'm obviously on the chopping block. I have like sickening butterflies in my stomach. So, I kinda just have to be prepared and hope that my alliance pulls through.
27. Jon (7/7): Today, Jaclyn and I have to make a very big decision. And the success we've had so far has been as a result of Jaclyn and I working together very well. But this time, Jaclyn is not on the same page as I am.
28. Jaclyn (3/3): I want nothing to do with those guys, but it feels like Jon just doesn't care. After tonight, there's gonna be a good portion of people mad at us no matter which way we go. It's hard because you have to weigh so many different things. And, we're still going back and forth. Hopefully we'll figure it out, but, no matter what happens, somebody's not gonna be happy.
1. Reed (1/3): I'm furious that Josh is gone. Our game together has now officially come to an end. So, I'm not exactly sure who to turn to just yet but right now all I have to do is worry about me now. So I need to figure how to move forward being in the minority.
2. Jon (1/5): The thing that really pushed me over the edge to join the alliance of Jeremy was when Jaclyn felt like she was being disrespected by everybody in the Josh and Reed alliance and I wasn't sure why but my instincts were telling me that that was not the right thing to do. If there's anything that I've learned from watching past Survivor is trust your instinct.
3. Keith (1/4): It didn't go our way tonight. Jon and Jaclyn flipped over there again with them, and uh, we're in a bad place. They can pick us off one at a time.
4. Keith (2/4): I have the idol. Thing about that is playing it at the right time to maybe get one of them out. Maybe I can tell them to vote me off, they all put my name down, I play the idol, done. I've had it with Jon, I've had it with Missy. That might not be a bad idea. It's gettin' to crunch time now.
5. Baylor (1/2): We chose Jeremy to go to Exile just because I'm positive that there is an idol on Exile and it would be better for our alliance to find it.
6. Natalie (1/1): We ended up getting the W but I decided that I would give up my spot to Jon. I just wanted to do this so that he knew that I appreciated him siding with us last night at Tribal but also just to make sure that moving forward I could always count on Jaclyn and Jon to trust me and Jeremy. and, you know, this is going to be leverage for me down the road.
7. Wes (1/1): Natalie and Jeremy traded places for the reward. It was a big time strategic move. I mean, Jon and Jaclyn ain't going to flip now. I congratulate 'em for it. Touché for 'em.
8. Keith (3/4): Wesley was letting Nat know that he didn't want to be blindsided. I don't know if they took that hint. It was kinda just a little subtle hint really. That way we get a little bit of heads up on playing the idol or passing the idol between us two.
9. Jeremy (1/6): Jon and Jaclyn joined our alliance and I appreciate that so giving up our reward for them is the least that-- that I could do. I came to Exile because I want to find the idol so I can protect myself and I could bring it back to my alliance and say, “Look what we have” and then now everybody feels like we can trust him. So when I make a move, they don't expect it but first I need to find this idol.
10. Jon (2/5): Going out on a yacht, seeing dolphins jumping. It was really cool. Being able to share that with Jaclyn was incredible. It was a very good way for Jeremy and Natalie to show their gratitude. We're very thankful for it but you do have to realize that this is a social game and that was a very big play on their part.
11. Reed (2/3): I love food and I love rewards but Jon and Jaclyn were not supposed to be on the reward. Natalie is just trying to ingratiate herself to everyone by, “Oh, I'm going to give up my spot for this and I love you so I'm going to give up my spot for that”. It makes you want to hurl because it is so transparent. Yes, it cements Jon and Jaclyn into their alliance but in the end does it really mean anything? Not if I can help it because I don't have anything to lose right now. I might have to go stir up a little bit of chaos to stay in the game right now. It may end up being the last nail in my coffin but it's a risk I'm willing to take at this point.
12. Jeremy (2/6): I hate Exile. It's just a long night, you know, like, there's no shelter, you're sleeping on rocks next to the fire, it's just like... it's just not fun.
13. Jeremy (3/6): I stayed up most of the night and now I'm feeling real lethargic this morning, you know. I feel like I got hit by a train. Not fun. This time I wanted to find the, uh, Hidden Immunity Idol and I didn't find it. I climbed this all day yesterday and I can't find it. The only thing I'm thinking is if Jon already found it. If Jon came out and found it that be great, you know. But he should had told me he found it and then I wouldn't be out here for two days, you know. I'm dying over here, I'm tired.
14. Jon (3/5): This is one of those times where I hadn't really considered what's going to happen when Jeremy does comes back and says he can't find the idol. My entire cover would be blown and, uh, then I could be in very big trouble.
15. Jeremy (4/6): Exile zapped me. If I was, you know, 100% that would've made a difference. I always want to win but as long as one of our alliance members won I'm happy how it turned out.
16. Reed (3/3): I didn't win immunity today which I came close to. I'm a little bummed about that because I felt like that was a custom made challenge for me and now I'm thinking my chances of being here tomorrow are pretty slim. I may be going home tonight so I will, you know, light this camp on fire on my way out. So I was like, “I want to see what Keith has in his bag. I want to see what this old coot is sitting on.” So I'm going through his bag and I'm looking and he's got the piece of paper that was folded up and creased over there. It is the directions on what to do with the Hidden Immunity Idol. Keith left a paper trail and I was like, “It's a big rookie mistake, don't leave stuff in your bag that you don't want people to find”. So I did it and I always thought oh I hate it when people go through people's stuff but, um, desperate times call for desperate measures.
17. Missy (1/2): I know Reed is scrambling but Keith really has an idol. It's not good at all. You know quite frankly, it may be something that we should think about.
18. Baylor (2/2): If what Reed says is true, freaking Keith, out of all people, has an idol which is baffling. I would never think Keith would be the one to find it and be able to hide it this long. Who knows how long he's had it? So it's about to get crazy.
19. Keith (4/4): I mean, that's my stuff. I don't like, I don't go through your stuff, I don't expect people to go through my stuff but people... them people got different values, I guess. So if word might be out that Keith's got the idol then it might come in play sooner than later.
20. Jon (4/5): A lot's going on. There's total mayhem right now on camp. Keith has an idol so he's got a very good play in his pocket. Definitely complicates things.
21. Jeremy (5/6): I think Jon has the idol so my plan is I want to try catch him in a lie because Jon is like the worst liar.
22. Jeremy (6/6): He's got to be lying but, um, I got to trust him a little bit. Like we're all in this together, we're trying to get to the final six and then we'll see what happens.
23. Jon (5/5): Sending Jeremy to Exile was a great thing at first but I think right now Jeremy actually does believe that I have the idol and just hearing me saying that, so I need to do something and change the course of the game.
24. Missy (2/2): I just got this information about the idol and I'm very pleased to know that Jon is super aligned with me but he's got this look in his eye. Jon's saying, “Jeremy is a threat, Jeremy is a threat.” Now may be the time to take out Jeremy. But, you know, it's interesting because I've watched Jon and Jaclyn kind of barrel through people so far and they have no problem pissing people off. And since I started this game, you know, I've been aligned with Jeremy and Natalie from my old tribe. Jeremy and I initially were together, you know, full fledged so for the first time is like, a little bit cloudy. And at the end of the day is like, okay, are we making the right decision? I think maybe a better way to do it is split the votes Keith/Reed, try to flush the idol, stay together six strong just because, you know, we rock the boat too hard one of us is going to fall out.
1. Keith (1/2): Oh, I tell you what. Tribal, that was, that was a biggie tonight. Reed was going home. That's the last word I got. I even voted for Reed. Reed's a gamer. He plays and he knows how to talk to folks and figure stuff out, mathematic numbers and all that mess which is way above me.
2. Reed (1/7): That Tribal Council Jeremy went home. It was a big play and it was a big success which was awesome. I'm trying to decide how I can go deeper into this game right now, whether it's sticking with the Jon type group and just picking off some people who are in my alliance or taking out Jon. That would be a really great play because Jon thinks he's alpha male here.
3. Natalie (1/6): Oh my God! Talk about a blindside. It sucks because I had Jeremy as my partner. It was really hard for me but I just had to put on like a good face and just try and figure out what to do next.
4. Natalie (2/6): It was definitely Jon in charge of the whole blindside and, you know, I want to give Jon a little bit taste of his own medicine. I want to do it for Jeremy. It's just figuring out the right plan and the right moment. Baylor showed me her Immunity Idol clue when we were at Exile. I think it said 10 something from the flag. So, To Do List: find the idol. If I could pull it off that would be amazing 'cause I would love to get rid of Jon.
5. Reed (2/7): Missy really wants to go on this reward. In the grand scheme of things, I can suck this up because with them being gone it'll give me a chance to get the ball rolling in taking out Jon.
6. Missy (1/1): So Alec, and Jon and Jaclyn, we all four walked into this baseball field and these kids just swarmed us. They were like: “It's Christmas! Give me my present! Give me my stocking!” It was just the sweetest thing to see these kids with their new balls, and their new gloves and their new... I mean, it was, it was so darling. Look, I'll start crying again. This is so fun for me. I've been a single mom, raising two girls for most of my adult life. I love my kids and my loyalty to my kids is my number one priority. I'm glad that I have these children, kind of wrapped around me and I needed that recharge. I feel like the Energizer Bunny.
7. Jon (1/2): Kids are definitely a huge heart string for Jaclyn and me. As long as I can remember I wanted to actually have a kid. But unfortunately, Jaclyn is not able to have children. Jaclyn was born with MRKH. It's a syndrome that affects 1 in 4,000 women. When Jaclyn told me that she couldn't have kids it was like, “Okay, so we can adopt.” I'm not gonna leave a woman that I-I think is like one of the most incredible people I've met just because she's not able to birth a kid into the world.
8. Jaclyn (1/1): The reward was a lot more important for me and Jon than I even thought it would be going. Jon and I have a lot of love to give and it doesn't matter if it's an adopted child. It's just the love that we have to give is just crazy so... it's going to be okay.
9. Reed (3/7): Baylor, myself, and Keith, and Natalie got back to camp and I knew that I needed to get to Keith and have kinda like, this like, heart to heart, come to Jesus conversation and say “Where do you stand in this game?” Sometimes I don't know if Keith quite understands exactly the intricacies of how this game is played.
10. Reed (4/7): What I'm counting on right now is that the majority alliance will split the vote between Wes and Keith. But if we stay four-strong we'll be able to take out Jon in one fell swoop. I'm playing a go big or go home, literally, game right now and I really hope it pans out.
11. Keith (2/2): That's a good plan. We could play all four and get Jon out, their ringleader, which I don't care much for to begin with, and I still won't have to play the idol, hopefully.
12. Baylor (1/1): I'm like, ready to go get water and Natalie is like, “What are you doing? We're going to look for this idol, right now!” I was like “Oh shoot! Okay, let's go!” We thought about the clue. The Ten, Buried, Flag and Of, all the four symbols that have been in our minds since we were both at Exile.
13. Natalie (3/6): I went back to the flag and I took larger steps this time, pass the campfire and right in the middle of camp. It's like literally the heart of our camp by the fire.
14. Natalie (4/6): We went berserk. We're like, literally out of our minds. We pick up the pots and we run to the water well as fast as we have ever done in our lives. This is the idol. So sick. Finding it was exactly how you'd think it'll feel, you know, just like, you're so elated, so excited. It's like my little Twinnie, it's just me and my, you know, friend out here.
15. Natalie (5/6): I want Jon out bad but we have to get rid of one more boy before Jon because that allows us to take out Jon and still have a majority girls. Baylor's become my number one. Me and her are on the same page as far as we have to get rid of Reed because he's really good at Immunity Challenges and all he does is make up stuff so that the target's off him and it's on other people.
16. Natalie (6/6): When I started closing my eyes and seeing stars and when I felt like I was going to throw up, I knew like, I was going to go out so I figured I might as well get some sustenance in my body even when I lose.
17. Reed (5/7): At least I'm not going home tonight because I will not be giving up this Immunity Necklace and hopefully I can rally people around to vote Jon tonight. And I am like, “ahhhhh!” (laughs)
18. Reed (6/7): Jon stepped down seven minutes into the challenge today. It's always very telling when people step down, when they feel like they don't have to try and who ends up stepping down first. So I was like, “Fine, that means he's going home tonight!”
19. Reed (7/7): Basically how this works is I'm going to try to make the majority alliance have four people vote for Keith and then to have three more people vote for Wes. That's what everyone thinks is going to happen. But basically myself, Wes, Alec and Keith vote four-strong and we would be sending Jon home tonight. It's an amazing plan but it has to be stuck to.
20. Alec (1/1): The opposing alliance think that Reed and I are going to vote with them tonight against Wes and Keith but what we are going to do is we're going to blindside Jon tonight.
21. Jon (2/2): Tonight's Tribal is the first Tribal that I am not really calling the shots. So it is the first time that I am at the mercy of my alliance. I'm saving the idol for either Jaclyn or me, whoever makes it farthest. I feel like it be selfish to use it on myself right now. The only thing that gives me a little hope going into today is the reassurance that I had talking with Alec and that is why I believe that tonight will go as planned. This Tribal is definitely the most important Tribal so far.
1. Keith (1/1): Tribal Council was crazy. Didn't go quite as we anticipated and, um, Wesley went home.
2. Alec (1/2): I'm pissed at Keith. Keith gave us away tonight. He's not very good at Tribal and now I feel completely helpless. My alliance means nothing. We don't have the numbers and I don't trust Reed at all.
3. Natalie (1/5): Jon keeps saying that he knew he was going to play the idol which is total bullcrap. He wasn't going to play it and I convinced him to play it but Jon is so concerned with looking like he's the mastermind of everything he does, but he's really not at all.
4. Jon (1/9): Jaclyn gave Natalie the props for my play. We need this for jury. You can't say that was her play. Like, then she's gonna use it. We can't do that. That's terrible.
5. Jaclyn (1/8): I was so mad when he took credit for something that I helped him do. That he was like, “Stop saying you helped and Natalie helped. It was my decision.” I was like, “Screw you, well I'm going to the top three then.”
6. Jaclyn (2/8): It was very telling. Missy chose Natalie. That makes me think that when it does come down to our Five it would be Baylor, Missy and Natalie. It makes me second guess everything.
7. Jon (2/9): I'm excited to be back at Exile because there were two idols played last night and there was going to be a new clue for a new idol. So finding this idol is something that's definitely going to help me.
8. Jon (3/9): Having a lot of time on Exile gives you a lot of time to think. And right now, my fear in this game is that I've become the biggest threat. And that's scary because people try to get out the largest threats so I'm not going to stop until I find the damn thing. I'm looking around and I see cliffs all over the place and there's trees hanging off of them just shooting out.
9. Jon (4/9): Saw a bunch of sideways trees and started to seeing a lot of cracks and crevices. Started thinking “You know, this looks like the perfect place to hide an idol.”
10. Jon (5/9): Finding this idol is something that's definitely going to help me and refocus me even more on Jaclyn and I’s future.
11. Natalie (2/5): Riding horses was amazing. We got to see, like, Nicaragua from another view. We weren't stuck on a beach anymore and we were just taking it all in. It was absolutely magnificent. I don't think I'll ever forget, you know, the experience.
12. Missy (1/3): To have Baylor and me together was fantastic and then to have Natalie along, who really adores my daughter as a big-sister kind of type. She'll be like a daughter to me forever. I couldn't have gone on that reward with anybody else and have that same experience.
13. Baylor (1/2): This was the most amazing reward but it's hard to have a good time because we're nervous that Jaclyn, being back at camp with these three guys she could easily be swayed and told things that would change her mind about how she feels about my mom, me and Natalie.
14. Missy (2/3): I'm proud of my daughter. She found an idol. I could not believe it. I was like, “What?!” Today proves to me that she's playing this game and I'm gonna pat her on the butt the whole way through it.
15. Natalie (3/5): Final three with me, Baylor, and Missy would be a hand-picked team for me to go to final three with. I would be a sure win, in my head. I mean, anything can happen but I would be completely comfortable going into final three with them.
16. Jaclyn (3/8): It's just so funny that Missy would pick Natalie. Like I don't know if that was the smartest move on Missy's part. And maybe it's just me being hot-headed and mad because I didn't get to go horseback riding but that was dumb!
17. Reed (1/5): Naturally the goal is still to make Jaclyn see the logic in what happened today. Missy, Baylor, and Natalie will go to the Top 3 and they will take out Jon and Jaclyn in the process. Hopefully this illuminates that for her and, um, I'm hoping to be able to capitalize on that moving forward.
18. Jaclyn (4/8): Alec, Reed, and Keith are all like, up on me now and being super nice and it's so funny. It's like, “Really, guys?!” And all I want to say is “Stop, like stop being fake!” But at the same time, I'm interested to see how tonight plays out with the guys and what they try and pitch to me.
19. Jaclyn (5/8): And it's not the first time Jon has came back from Exile and I was like, “Hold the phone, we're flipping again!” And we're in the middle again! It's so funny. I don't understand why this keeps happening.
20. Missy (3/3): We get back to camp from the reward this morning and my fear for Jaclyn is that Reed was going to bend her ear so it's important to keep an eye up. I have to keep nurturing Jaclyn to make sure that she knows that she's still got me because I think Reed works fast and who knows what Alec says.
21. Alec (2/2): Jaclyn is a cool chick. I like Jaclyn a lot so it was a smart move and making her feel as comfortable as she can and that doesn't mean she's going to vote with us but it's not going to hurt anybody. It's just kind of like cream cheese. You know, cream cheese, you can't hurt many things with putting cream cheese on it.
22. Natalie (4/5): Looking at Alec and Jaclyn, I'm thinking “Why is Jaclyn flirting with him?” Jon's been gone two days and Alec's and her body language is just really inappropriate. If I had a boyfriend here, I wouldn't be acting like that with Alec.
23. Baylor (2/2): It made me definitely feel suspicious that Jaclyn is working with Alec more closely than I thought. My concern is definitely that Jaclyn will be swayed by Alec and the other guys. And if she swayed then Jon swayed because Jaclyn and Jon do everything together. So, Jaclyn and Alec flirting and talking about the game is just not okay.
24. Reed (2/5): After not winning immunity today, it might be dead man walking at this point. But Jon may hear something from Jaclyn that spooks him and maybe I could take out Missy tonight. So essentially my whole plan, again hinges on Jon and Jaclyn.
25. Jaclyn (6/8): So tonight at Tribal, the options are go with Reed and vote out Missy tonight, and then, you know, there's the option with Missy in our alliance to vote out Reed tonight. I'm gonna be like, “Okay, Jon, you don't know that this happened but we're in the middle again and we have another big decision to make.”
26. Jon (6/9): When I got back, after my two day Exile, all I wanted to do was spend time with her. I missed her so much. Like, the only other thing that I did while I was on Exile, I got paranoid and I missed Jaclyn. And the first thing, have Jaclyn throw all this paranoia back on me. It was almost like, “I thought this was done!”
27. Jon (7/9): So Jaclyn is mad at me now. I guess in voicing my frustration, I think Jaclyn took it as me like, not being appreciative of her giving me information which that's not the case. I mean, I just want to be with my girlfriend.
28. Jaclyn (7/8): I don't think he realized what he was doing when he snapped. But if he thinks he's, you know, that he's got it... (sniffles) He didn't need my help. It didn't matter what happened in the two days that he was gone... (sniffles) He'll figure it out for himself. So you know, if he's got that attitude, screw him.
29. Reed (3/5): I was kind of in the middle of doing this pitch when Natalie walks up and sits down. And Jon starts winking at me. (winks) He's going “That's why I can't trust you and that's why I just can't work with you, Reed. It just doesn't make any sense.” And that was actually encouraging because if he's willing to go out on a limb and do, you know, a kind of wink thing between us, then maybe he's considering it a little more than he wants to let on. I think Jaclyn got a little confused because I don't think she necessarily saw the wink happen and she was still stewing about, I think being blown up at by Jon. Which I'm kinda like, (groans) “That makes me nervous.”
30. Jaclyn (8/8): After our argument, the only person I would expect Jon to talk to would be Missy because he looks to his mom for advice in real life and I think that Missy has taken on that role on the island. And it made me mad that he talked to her for like half-hour and didn't come talk to me at all. That made me even more mad. Like, “You're not fighting with Missy, you're fighting with me.”
31. Natalie (5/5): My fears are that Jon and Jaclyn are not as attached to the hip as they seem to be and they do have a lot of friction when it comes to how to play this game. At the end of the day, I want Jon and Jaclyn fine for tonight. I don't want any, I can't do any more surprises at Tribal.
32. Jon (8/9): My big problem is that we have a Tribal Council tonight and my girlfriend is not on the same page as I am. And she refuses to talk to me. Not a good time to do that.
33. Jon (9/9): I'm getting the silent treatment right now from Jaclyn. And it's the most frustrating thing that she does. There's no point. Talk it out. Let's talk. Definitely my only chance to talk before Tribal and Jaclyn is over there flirting with Alec. So what do we do? Vote for Reed or vote for Missy?
34. Reed (4/5): My whole plan hinges on Jon and Jaclyn and she's furious. She's stomping around camp and not talking to him. My life hinges on those two talking with each other and figuring out do they want to go with this alliance or that alliance?
35. Reed (5/5): This may be a fatal fight for my game.
1. Jaclyn (1/3): Jon and I, we kinda resolved everything at Tribal which was pretty interesting. We're fine. He said sorry and I said sorry so I'm happy it's over because today was seriously emotionally draining.
2. Alec (1/2): Tribal got kinda heated tonight. Everyone thinks I'm a big flirt but that is a sick joke. If I wanted to flirt with any of these girls here, I would. But I would never do that. Still, seeing all these other loved ones together, is tough. It really is tough. And it really didn't hit me until tonight, but I've got literally no one to come and talk to after Tribal and it just sucks. So, I don't have much to hold unto but I'm still holdin' on.
3. Jon (1/8): I definitely feel for Alec but I honestly do not believe that Keith or Alec have any play left in the game.
4. Jon (2/8): It does actually seem like I've found people who are trustworthy and unless I am reading everything wrong, which I haven't yet, I'm still controlling and steering the direction of the game.
5. Natalie (1/10): I've been wanting to get Jon out ever since he voted out Jeremy. So picking Jaclyn and Jon for the reward just showed that I'm such a loyal person and they would trust me even more. So then when I take my revenge, he would never see it coming.
6. Jon (3/8): We got back from the reward and the bed was set up. Part of you is so happy, like, “Oh my Gosh! Like something comfortable to lay on. What?!” But then you look over at the other people and you realize “Oh, we're going to be enjoying that while they're staring at us!”
7. Jaclyn (2/3): Missy, Baylor, and Keith kinda just left and walked off and I was like, “What is going on?” But Jon has had a really strong bond with Missy from the beginning. So I mean, hopefully, we can keep going with that and nothing crazy will happen.
8. Jon (4/8): As we're approaching the end of this game, there's always chances for weird things to happen. But I've grown to trust Missy a lot and the more I get to know Natalie, the more reassured I am of the strength of our alliance.
9. Natalie (2/10): Reward at this point in the game is way more than just getting to sleep in a bed and enjoying pasta and, you know, chicken parm. Everybody is so comfortable now, they probably want to get rid of Keith because Keith's story and his connection with the jury is scary. But I want to blindside Jon. I'm getting back at Jon for Jeremy. I kinda don't trust Jon in the long run. All I want is to move forward with a new plan without Jon in it.
10. Jon (5/8): Call me a wine snob but I like wine because it's a memory of my dad teaching me how to drink wine properly. There's so many layers of complexity to wine that the further you get into it the more you realize “Oh my Gosh, like I haven't even touched the surface of it.” And it's such a conversation piece.
11. Natalie (3/10): Jon is always bringing up any excuse to talk about wine and how he wants to, I don't know, be some kind of wine specialist in the future and move to Vegas and... I don't know what it is. But he is always trying to pretend like he knows everything and the arrogance or the entitlement Jon has... Honestly, every time he talks about wine, I just want to be like, “Shut up!” It was torture, basically. (smirks)
12. Natalie (4/10): Jon should not trust me but I'm happy that he does. The fact that he told me that he found an idol on Exile is amazing 'cause I've become like the best friend now for him. (crosses fingers) So, getting Jon out now is really important. I just have to figure out how to do all this and if I could pull it off that would be amazing.
13. Natalie (5/10): Jon is very confident. He thinks that it's going to be a really easy cakewalk to the final three 'cause he's got Missy around his finger. He thinks that Baylor is not going to do anything to mess up her mom's plans. He's got his girlfriend wrapped around his finger and he thinks that I'm just going to do whatever he wants. The thing is, even though he's obnoxious, Jon's played a really good game. So, the more and more I'm thinking of the jury, I'm like, “Why risk even going to final three with somebody like Jon?” 'Cause if he wins, I will literally kill myself.
14. Baylor (1/5): Me and Natalie are kinda Survivor sisters at this point and we decided to get rid of Jon. Unfortunately, my mom, my closest alliance here, is aligned with him.
15. Baylor (2/5): Jon just reminds me too much of past men in my mom's life where she gets (air quoting) blindsided, heartbroken and hurt. And I don't want him to screw her over. So, you know, it doesn't make me feel bad voting him out.
16. Keith (1/2): I'm behind the Eight Ball right now and it pisses me off that Jon's just coasting. But I don't have no stroke out here. I'm not the captain out here. That fivesome they got is tight. And I'm still on the outside looking in. Still, I keep thinking somebody's going to bolt here 'fore long and hopefully they'll bolt my way.
17. Jon (6/8): Today, I got a very weird vibe from camp and it worried me because we're so close to the end. A weird vibe can mean very bad things.
18. Jaclyn (3/3): I'm worried that Keith is trying to sway Missy, Baylor, and Natalie to probably vote out Jon. It just makes me so nervous that Jon thinks he's got it in the bag and that's how we are in real life too. Like, he gets super amped up for stuff and really positive and like, “Oh, I got it!” and then it doesn't happen and he's super disappointed. And I'm worried that if he's not careful, that could happen to him again.
19. Natalie (6/10): I literally thought we could get out Jon tonight and he won immunity so we have to come up with a Plan B and fast because we have no Plan B right now. I'm just feeling kinda just like, “Oh my God! Now what do I do?”
20. Jon (7/8): Winning this Immunity Challenge was absolutely incredible. Especially when going into it, I did have a few worries about my alliance. I'm pretty sure that I was just being a little paranoid. But it's a great feeling going into Tribal, having the necklace. Don't have to worry about anything going on tonight. Just focus on what we need to do.
21. Jon (8/8): Tribal tonight, the plan is to get Keith out. He's an incredible threat on all Immunity Challenges. He's been right in the fight in every single one. He's won two of them so, he needs to go.
22. Missy (1/1): Jon wants to split the votes and that's fine with me. Jon is my guy. He's got my back. So, our Fab Five is strong and we're sending Keith home.
23. Natalie (7/10): Jon wins immunity and I was just so mad. I feel like everything that I was doing for the last couple of days is just down the drain and it makes me really depressed at this point.
24. Baylor (3/5): It completely sucks that Jon won immunity today. Natalie and I were banking on him not winning but now is back to the drawing board. And it's frustrating because there's not much time left.
25. Alec (2/2): Definitely seems like a toss up between Keith and myself but I'm not going to give up. I mean, my back's against the wall and I just gotta start swinging. So whatever I have to do, whoever I have to lie to, flirt with, whatever, I'm willing to do it at this point.
26. Baylor (4/5): Alec and I... I don't know. We do have such and up and down relationship, brother-sister, kinda boyfriend-girlfriend-weird kinda thing. Still, part of me is glad that he's not going home tonight because I saw a different side of him that I haven't seen in this game and I like it. I liked it a lot.
27. Keith (2/2): I was real close again to getting the necklace today and I could kick myself right now. I needed it. I needed it. Everybody knows I need it. And it's a bad feeling.
28. Natalie (8/10): I've been feeling completely helpless to do anything at this point. But I just realized, “Oh my God!” I could totally flip the entire game.
29. Natalie (9/10): Right now, the plan is split votes. Me, Jon, and Jaclyn are voting for Keith. But if I flip, and Keith and I both vote Alec, Alec would go home instead. That way Keith’s still here, he'll be loyal to me and I could use him to blindside Jon. If I do this and betray Jon, would be my biggest move yet. The only scary thing for me then is dealing with everything when I come back to camp because Jon is going to be really pissed.
30. Baylor (5/5): Natalie wants to make big moves and I do as well but I don't know if I want to get rid of Alec right now. It's a huge risk because Jon could freak out and turn on us in a heartbeat.
31. Natalie (10/10): The thing is, I don't know if it's even worth it me getting in trouble with my alliance. So I'm gonna have to make a decision, I guess, tonight. Ultimately, is just deciding if I have the balls or not.
1. Natalie (1/4): Just the way Tribal went, I knew I had to pretend to mess up and accidentally vote out Alec instead of Keith, and act my ass off to convince them that it was a mistake. It was a risk that I was willing to take, because I just didn't want Jon to have more power and control in this game right now than he needs. I mean, I think I sold it to them properly, but it's going to be scary. But Jon is on my hit list. He's been on my hit list since he sent Jeremy home. So, it's been a long time coming, and I need to make some moves soon.
2. Baylor (1/6): It's hilarious watching Natalie be an actress toward Jon and Jaclyn tonight, you know, because if they were smart, they would know Natalie knew exactly what she was doing.
3. Jon (1/6): Tribal was a little bit of a debacle. I guess we didn't talk enough going into it, and Natalie didn't fully understand who she was voting for. It's unfortunate that it happened here because Keith really is a threat in Immunity Challenges. I mean, that's a big, big deal. Like that potentially could screw up a lot of plans.
4. Keith (1/4): Been seem like I just keep squeaking by, squeaking by, squeaking by. Maybe I have somebody now. Can you believe that? 30 Days into this baby and, you know, I got Nat. Good grief. What could happen after that? Who knows?
5. Natalie (2/4): Keith is still kinda unpredictable but I told Keith he was basically here because of me. I told him that me and Baylor, at the end of the day have his back. Hopefully, that will resonate with him and he will be a perfect person to use in a plan against Jon.
6. Jon (2/6): Trading places with Baylor was a pretty easy decision for me. It just opened up a window for me to do a good deed for one of my alliance members just to solidify our alliance a little bit more. And heck, it may have even strengthen my case in the jury.
7. Baylor (2/6): My mom, Keith and Jon won the reward and before I knew it, Jon was like, “I'm switching with Baylor.” And I was like, “What?!” That was super nice of him to do that. But getting Jon out is me and Natalie's, pretty much, number one priority.
8. Missy (1/3): At the Reward Challenge, I was trying so hard not to show any signs of pain in my ankle. But I could just feel it just swelling up.
9. Missy (2/3): I mean, I'm in a lot of pain. I don't know exactly how these next couple of days is going to go down at challenges. I'm gonna do the best I can. I might crawl if I have to but I'm gonna finish.
10. Keith (2/4): I've never had a spa day or spa food. Turned out it not too bad. I ate about as much as I could and then I went on to the shower. Knock the funk off of me that in 30-something days I hadn't bathe. Then it was off to the massage.
11. Baylor (3/6): Keith at the spa was pretty dang funny. And I hadn't seen that side of Keith before. I had a realization of like, “Keith's kinda cool!”
12. Keith (3/4): I've never had a massage before. I mean, don't tell nobody about all that, you know. I don't want the guys at the fire station knowing I'm going to a masseuse and getting all this other extracurricular stuff. But man, I've been rejuvenated and I got 4 or 5, 6 days left. I can take this on out. No problem now.
13. Jon (3/6): Jaclyn and I being at camp alone, it's nice to just be the two of us, you know?
14. Jon (4/6): Natalie made a big mistake voting for the wrong person and now you kept in Keith, one of the biggest threats. Can't have that happen, especially when you're fighting for a million dollars.
15. Jaclyn (1/2): Keith is freakishly good at these challenges. So if Keith keeps winning Immunity, then I think that everybody will get even more mad at Natalie for screwing up that vote. Then we'll have to break up the five sooner than we thought.
16. Natalie (3/4): I volunteered to go to Exile but at this point in the game, when you're body is already so drained and it's so close to the end, you can almost taste it but you're not there yet. It's been, you know, really depressing being out here. It's been really a roller coaster of emotions for me because, this is the longest I've gone without seeing or talking to my sister. I've lived with Nadiya for 28 years. We've never done anything alone and I never let anybody see how much I miss her. I never cry in front of anybody (sniffles) and I kinda always just pretend like I'm fine but (cries) Nadiya has been gone for like 30 Days now and, you know, I've been kinda doing this without her. But I'm just trying to make it into something where I can use it as motivation instead of just bringing me down. It's time to, you know, buck up and make every decision moving forward count. I have one shot to prove to myself that, you know, I left everything on the table and make this last 4 Days fully worth it.
17. Jon (5/6): Keith is, uh, an incredible threat on all Immunity Challenges. So Natalie winning today, does kind of make up for her messing up the last vote. So the plan is to do what we tried to do last Tribal and get Keith out.
18. Jon (6/6): The fact that Missy had to sit out today, I'm sure was excruciating for her and probably just as bad as the pain that she was actually feeling. How the Challenge ended up today was very frustrating. But God's got a plan and, uh, I got to accept it. However things fall, it's going to be best for me.
19. Natalie (4/4): Jon and Jaclyn think we're all voting off Keith and Keith is going home. But my plan is to basically get out Jon. But Jon has an idol so, I know it's not going to be easy. My ultimate plan is to split the votes and blindside Jon tonight.
20. Keith (4/4): There's Tribal tonight and if all goes to plan, Mister All-American or Miss USA is going home and I'll be sitting here with five. I think I can trust this bunch, you know. If I can't, I'm a goner.
21. Jaclyn (2/2): Keith was supposed to go home last time so it's like, “Okay, let's just get it over with!” But I feel like, your mind just causes all this paranoia. “Could I go home tonight? Could Jon go home tonight?” You never know 100%. But at least Jon still has his idol. Jon is super big on visualizing the win and it's always worked out for him so hopefully it does this time too.
22. Baylor (4/6): I need my mom to get on board with voting Jon out but my mom treats Jon like her son that she never had. So I'm worried about whether or not she'll write his name down. It just really depends on my mom.
23. Baylor (5/6): It's very frustrating to get my mom to wake up, get with the program, let's make a move.
24. Baylor (6/6): In my mom's life, three marriages, three divorces, she is putting the men first before herself. That's her downside, I think. And that's what I feel like is happening in this game right now with Jon. It's totally like, “Mom, hey! I'm your firstborn! Like, you don't even know this guy!” Let's play the game together. I just hope that she's going to see it before it's too late.
25. Missy (3/3): When my child says to me “Mom, you know, our goal was to go to the end together.” I mean, I have to start to listen. And, you know, has it crossed my mind that this Jon-Jaclyn show may need to come to an end? Absolutely. But it's important for me to feel like I've played this game truthfully. I wasn't some sly dog that came in, shook people's hands and lied in their faces. I haven't. I've pride myself on that and that's why tonight, this is the first time, I'm having a tough time with it.
1. Jaclyn (1/7): I had this gut feeling that maybe Jon should play his idol just in case. But we really trusted Missy, Natalie and Baylor and we got screwed.
2. Jaclyn (2/7): (tearfully) It was really hard after Tribal. I just felt like, since the merge everybody loved me and Jon. I don't see people, ever, ever in real life saying bad things about Jon. It was really hurtful and I just snapped. I went off on Natalie.
3. Natalie (1/9): It's good that Jaclyn had a fit in front of everybody 'cause if anybody was trying to work with her, it's not happening. It does scare me a little that now I'm in this situation where I have to trust Baylor and Missy to want to take me to the final three with them 'cause at this point they could technically vote me out unless I win immunity. But that's what Survivor is. It's a lot of work, but there's a big prize at the end so you gotta put in work if you wanna win this.
4. Baylor (1/2): We have four days left. I can see the finish line. I can see the final three. I can see the Final Tribal. Right now, we're thinking Natalie, my mom and I for final three.
5. Missy (1/5): Having Baylor here, we now have two shots at a million bucks. But, not really sure about these challenges. I fractured my foot and I have this hard cast now on my foot. Just, so frustrating. So the gameplay now is for Natalie and Baylor to start crushing these challenges. The last thing we want is for Keith or Jaclyn to win it from here on out.
6. Natalie (2/9): Getting beat by a 55-year-old man is not easy. Um, I need to be able to beat him at that Immunity Challenge even with his advantage. It's going to be really tough but, if I want my plan to go the way I want it to, then I need to get rid of Keith first.
7. Jaclyn (3/7): I'm at Exile and Jon got voted out. I mean, at this point in the game, the next Tribal, it's basically me or Keith. (tearfully) This game, man, makes you emotional. I've been through a lot in my life. You know, being diagnosed with not being able to have kids and all of that, when I was really young. So, this is one night in the grand scheme of things. I feel like I'm fighting for me and Jon now, for money to have kids in the future. And if Jon was here and he could give you a pep talk he'd be like, “You're almost done. You've done way harder things in your life than this. Just rock it out.” And I'm going to do that.
8. Baylor (2/2): The Reward Challenge was sucky. Keith won which means he got an advantage. You know, it's frustrating because he is the biggest challenge threat.
9. Keith (1/8): The little note said “Read in Private” so I snuck off and read it.
10. Keith (2/8): When I got to the table, it had a few more clues, you know, telling me how the challenge worked. Jeff wasn't there or nothin' to fill me in. I mean, it took me just a little while to figure it out.
11. Keith (3/8): The challenge table was sort of like Foosball. It got four handles and you just pass a ball to a paddle, over an obstacle, to another paddle. Complete that three times, bam, necklace around your neck. I'm gonna stay here and practice because I need that necklace tomorrow. There does come a point in the fire service where it's stay and die or jump out the window. It's called flashover. This room is fixing to flashover and you better do something quick-like. It's to the point now, I'm on the hot seat but I think maybe I'm not flashed over yet. I'm ready to go tackle this baby and get that necklace. Your concentration ain't as good as it was when you first started. I oughta have this by now but, uh, good grief, man I'm going mentally… (grabs forehead in frustration and slaps face) “Oh!” All I can do right now, uh, win challenges and, uh, go for that necklace.
12. Natalie (3/9): Basically I have two decisions at this point. Missy and Baylor feel like I'm definitely going to be with Missy and Baylor. But I can decide to go with Keith and Jaclyn and say “Let's get one of these girls out.” I have an idol for myself tonight if I don't win immunity but the advantage is basically going to help Keith in the next Immunity Challenge. Totally sucks that he got it. He's going to be the hardest one to beat. I know that I'm safe to the next challenge so it is a big decision on who goes home tonight.
13. Keith (4/8): I'm in the final four, you know, like the NCAA basketball playoffs. One more step, and I won't be sitting by this log, I'll be jumping on it.
14. Keith (5/8): Coming back to camp wasn't too bad. (stumbles with words) I don't know. Uh, man, alright. Yeah, I oughta have this by now, right? Your mind goes on the 37th or 8th Day or whatever. Uh, okay. Alright, here we go. Coming back to camp, after the Immunity Challenge, uh, wasn't too bad, uh, you know. Tonight probably won't be too hard. I mean, Jaclyn knows she's going right up there in the jury.
15. Jaclyn (4/7): I just went through a whirlwind two days, Jon being voted off, feeling alone after that, then going to Exile feeling more isolated and now I'm coming back here. I know that I'm going home and it sucks but I'm like, “No, I'm not going to lay down!”
16. Natalie (4/9): I know I'm in the final four because of my idol. I also, you know, know that, uh, Missy and Baylor probably won't vote me off because they feel confident. We're so tight, we trust each other.
17. Natalie (5/9): One thing's for sure, big moves do win this game and I feel like I've done moves that haven't been as impactful as I'd like but, it's not about anybody else at this point. I'm just thinking about myself. It's either making a big move today. Getting rid of Baylor or Missy and risking losing it all and not making final three or kinda playing it safe and vote out Jaclyn. That's the only fear that I have is that people would be like, “Oh, look at the move Natalie made.” People are always scared of people who make big moves so if I did something big tonight then tomorrow I could be the one going home. It's scary.
18. Natalie (6/9): When I walked into Tribal, I had an Immunity Idol and my plan was basically deciding between keeping Baylor around or Jaclyn around. Trusting two family members in this situation, where I could be the outsider, just seemed like a really dangerous thing. So Baylor went home. Making this move, I realized that I can get rid of a couple but not be the main threat. If Keith wins tomorrow, he'd probably want to vote out Missy over me. This way, I get to go to the final three and I'm not just putting my fate in Missy and Baylor's hands. And Missy's case, in a final three, is so much stronger sitting next to Baylor than sitting without Baylor.
19. Missy (2/5): Ugh! It didn't go as planned. Um, so Baylor got voted out. You know, it's a game and I'm okay with it because I don't have to write my child's name down on a voting ballot. I mean, it's a relief and-and it's a lift off my shoulders.
20. Missy (3/5): (tearfully) I mean, I guess the fate of my game is like in these other people's hands 'cause I can't compete.
21. Jaclyn (5/7): Tonight's Tribal, I thought I was going home and Natalie totally stepped in and saved my life. I need to win immunity tomorrow and if I don't, and Natalie does, she's taking me and Missy to the final three. Keith is the number one threat right now so the goal is to not let Keith win so we can vote him out next.
22. Keith (6/8): That was a tough one. Believe it or not, Jaclyn won. And Natalie saved Jaclyn last Tribal so I see no reason why Jaclyn should get rid of Natalie. That means trouble for me, is what it means. Big trouble!
23. Jaclyn (6/7): Jon is gonna die when he sees me wearing the necklace tonight. I can't wait. (elated) I didn't win one Immunity Challenge the whole game and I won the freaking most important one. So tonight I have a huge decision. Who to take to the final three? I like to talk everything out. That's how me and Jon played the whole game, just talking everything out, every scenario that we can think of and ultimately, it could be a million dollar decision, it could be a million dollar mistake.
24. Keith (7/8): Day 38, you try to make a pitch to get to the million and Day 39, you're pitching why you deserve the million. I'm far from the million right now. I got to get in the final three.
25. Keith (8/8): I gave Jaclyn my pitch. If Jaclyn gets rid of Missy, she's got a better chance with me in the 3 than Missy. Hopefully, she'll visualize that and see.
26. Natalie (7/9): The problem with Jaclyn is now, she's wearing a necklace. She knows she's like in the power seat but I want Keith gone and I hope that she doesn't let this power trip go to her head.
27. Natalie (8/9): I don't want Jaclyn thinking too much. “I'm trying to tell you to do what's good for you and me here. Just listen to me and let's get rid of Keith.” You know. I shouldn't spaz out but, you know, this is the end, I have a little bit room to be nervous.
28. Missy (4/5): Jaclyn comes and she goes “How do you feel about voting out Natalie?” And my head like... Um, well A: number one she voted out my kid, and B: “Keep talking!”
29. Missy (5/5): When we started there was ten men, eight women. For now three women to be sitting in the finals, is pretty cool. Seven men on the jury. I'm so not intimidated by seven men. I have been married and divorced three times so I'm not fearful whatsoever about speaking to these guys. I think tonight is going to be super important for me to really sway 'em, present myself the best I can and no matter how it ends you have the power to be positive about it or dive your head in the sand and become a failure. And that is not who I am.
30. Natalie (9/9): I've actually learned a lot about myself. The fact that I was able to navigate through this without the one comfort I've had my entire life, which is Nadiya, and I was able to do this on my own makes me really proud. And I know, our parents will be proud too because they feel like we can't do anything without each other. Now I need to really work though what I'm going to say to the jury. I don't want to leave having any regrets about this Final Tribal. I can't leave anything up to fate. I gotta do the jury job for them. I gotta make them see why they need to pick me and why I deserve to be the Sole Survivor.
32. Jaclyn (7/7): I feel like I was underestimated from the very beginning in this game. Winning the million dollars means a lot more to me than it would another person just because Blood vs. Water is family, it's relationships. And that's what I want most. I want a family with Jon and I can't start a family or give Jon the family that he wants without the money. But the title of Sole Survivor would mean more to me than the money because the title would even further inspire all the girls with MRKH. (cries) I want to prove to all the girls that have my syndrome that you can do it. There are ways, never give up. This experience has just made me appreciate and realize how strong I really am. I've been fighting for 39 Days. Tonight is the big one.
