1. James (1/2): Jeff is a son of a bitch, I can tell you that. Hell, I thought we was gonna get, you know, some breakfast, food and water or something. Hell, no! I knew he was gonna say something like that and he's gonna say, “The game is on.” Something told me we was… pretty much in trouble.
2. Coby (1/5): As we were rowing in the boat and we were getting closer and closer to the beach, everybody was thinking, “Should I jump out? Should I swim to the shore? Should I try to beat the boat?”
3. Caryn (1/1): The fight was on immediately. And then people said, “Oh, I'll take-- I’ll take your spot rowing in the back.” And other people were whispering and wondering, “Oh, is that because they want to be at the back of the boat so that when the boat gets close to shore they can run off?”
4. Willard (1/2): And we're sitting there on a really hot day rowing the boat, and this lunatic jumps up and starts singing a song. I want to knock her off with the oar.
5. Coby (2/5): I mean, at first you thought, “Oh, that's so cute. Look, Wanda is singing. Oh, how…” and then she just kept going and going and going and everybody was just like, “Is she gonna stop?”
6. Wanda (1/1): I've written a bunch of songs for Survivor and I'm all about this being one big party as long as it lasts.
7. Stephenie (1/3): As we were slowly rowing in, I was like, “I think it's close enough. I'm gonna jump. I'm gonna swim,” because I'm a pretty good swimmer, so I figured I could beat the boat. It didn't seem like we were moving.
8. Jonathan (1/1): Stephenie just said, “I can't take it, I'm gonna jump in,” and then I-- of course, I was right behind her.
9. Stephenie (2/3): I got in and, like, every two strokes, there went the boat, and I was like, “Oh, my God, that's the dumbest thing I've ever done!”
10. Katie (1/4): When Stephenie and Jonathan dove in the water everyone’s like, “Ha! You don't want to be the first one to dive in! God!” That is a gigantic target on your head.
11. Janu (1/3): We were all excited because we wanted to jump and start swimming, but we didn't. We kept waiting and waiting and waiting.
12. Katie (2/4): The competitive nature in me was like, “You've got to take off your shoes and go!”
13. Jolanda (1/3): I got the Immunity Necklace. I was not going to let that… little young girl beat me.
14. James (2/2): Ian, he was the first one up there. Get his ass up there. That skinny boy-- I’m telling you, that's a fast little booger.
15. Willard (2/2): Well, I don't even know if we have a tribe because I noticed the banner just says Survivor: Palau. It doesn't have any tribe name on it.
16. Gregg (1/1): Because you’ve never seen the game start this way with twenty people, you get a little-- I found myself getting a little paranoid. You know, we’re-- we're not a tribe. We don't have our buffs. You know, we're just getting to know everyone’s name. Something’s gonna happen. Something big is gonna happen. We can't just remain as a group of twenty. It's a big question mark. We don't have a clue what's happening next.
17. Coby (3/5): When we got on the beach, it was such a blur with all the immunities, and just the craziness of just being dropped off, but actually, I think we got to things fairly quickly. I mean, we found the map to the water source. We started thinking about shelter and food, and so people just broke off. A group of four broke off to go get water, and then everybody else stayed with shelter. I mean, it was very quick. It happened very fast.
18. Tom (1/2): You know, it was funny. I mean, uh, everybody is just walking around in different directions. (chuckles) “Let's get the water. Let's build a shelter,” and, uh, you just gotta watch that. You know, I had a few people try to wrangle me into doing the fire, and I'm just like, “That's a loser job, man.”
19. Ian (1/2): We came out in the clothes we had on and we’re kinda taken by surprise that we couldn't have, you know, the clothes that we had thought we were going to have with us. It was-- it was really difficult, I know for a lot of people, but there's been some great modifications to ‘em so… Oh, gosh, there’s chopping things off left and right, pants are falling off and skirts are getting a little bit higher and, uh, shirts are getting tied up. You know, I tied mine kind of earlier, but decided to… stop for now.
20. Angie (1/5): We were so excited to get to the water. So we finally found the water source, and also found a bag of everybody's shoes which was really nice to take back into camp, like, “Look no more stilettos, we have real shoes!” Me and Coby pretty much knew when we saw each other that we were gonna be, you know, kindred to one another ‘cause we understood being different. We understood being ostracized.
21. Coby (4/5): You can tell that Angie and I are both cut from the same cloth in the scenario that we think we’re different and we’re the outcasts, but I think we’re both gonna have to watch it when it comes to the context of the game, because if we're too much of an outcast, obviously it's gonna make us a target.
22. Janu (2/3): The boys really got together and they used-- we used one big tree as our base for our shelter, and then they put reeds up, and they said well we need to tie ‘em up at the top, so I offered.
23. Janu (3/3): I don't know if it was a good thing or bad thing, but I wanted to help and I figured my rock climbing skills would help, so I climbed that puppy like a monkey and I did what I could. (laughs)
24. Coby (5/5): Everybody's assumption at this point… (scoffs) is that we're all basically screwed because we all think we have Tribal Council, like now. So we thought we had three days of at least getting to know everybody. At least, you know, we don't know if we have that, so everybody's security has been blown. So everybody is freaking out. But I've definitely gone to different groups all day today and said, “Who are you going to vote for? Really? That's interesting. What about voting for this person? What about Jonathan? Hmm, good.” And as long as I do it subtly and sneak it in there, you can change their minds, because at this point everybody doesn't want it to be them.
25. Jolanda (2/3): (tearfully) I was really, really, really sad. But that's all right. I'm gonna wipe my tears and refocus… That's in the past. It's a whole new game.
26. Angie (2/5): I felt horrible being picked last. I didn't think that I was going to be picked last. I thought 100% that Coby was going to pick me. I don't feel like I'm on the tribe that I should be on. So, there's no kindred feelings with my tribe. I'm the odd man out.
27. Ian (2/2): I'm all together very, very happy. I wanted a wise tribe, if we had to-- if I had the opportunity to pick. We’ve got a little bit of the older folks, which I really like, and we're up against a bunch of the young bucks. You compare the tribes and you see a definite difference.
28. Ibrehem (1/1): We definitely have some kind of advantage, which I don't care what you say, you know, smarts in it, too, but athletics is-is gonna play a part in it also.
29. Katie (3/4): After the challenge, we were so excited. We won immunity, and we won the stuff that we needed to make fire. We’re sort of the underdog. Winning that was huge for us.
30. Katie (4/4): This wave came and we went over. I don't know what the deal was with, you know, who was leaning what way or what, but I think it was just a combination of all forces and we just went down. All of the supplies to make fire were in this heavy steel container that went straight down. It was just like, “Did this really happen?”
31. Tom (2/2): We were so elated, the ride back in the canoe. It was-- we were just loving life, we couldn't wait to see the new beach, and all this to happen, and we're just crushed right now. We don't have the water. We don't have the flint to start a fire to boil the water and purify it. We lost everything we won today. We're in a worse scenario than we originally had.
32. Angie (3/5): We lost at the challenge, and we lost pretty hard. The other tribe outplayed us and outwitted us completely. You know what? We didn't make smart decisions. They were smart. They took just the fire.
33. Angie (4/5): I know how things work. I'm not the strongest person. You know, people are going to choose who doesn't fit in the best and who they think is a weak link. So I definitely think that I am a target.
34. Jolanda (3/3): My vote will be for Angie, not because I don't like her, but she is a person that must be voted off in order for our team to be as strong as it can be.
35. Stephenie (3/3): Nervous as hell about Tribal; wish I wasn't going tonight. We made a dumb mistake and I don't think we should be going tonight, but we are, and it's because of one person, I feel.
36. Bobby Jon (1/1): Stephenie is thinking that Jolanda is the reason we lost the challenge, but that woman’s got a lot, a lot of strength. I think she can still help us out. I haven’t seen where she's hurting us just yet.
37. Ashlee (1/1): Jolanda has a strong personality. She is not a team player.
38. Angie (5/5): Ashlee says, “We're voting out Jo. Are you in?” I was like, “Hell, yeah, I'm in!” Like, I'm thinking I’m the one out. Like, I know how today went. You don't think I remember exactly the order in which we got picked for tribes?! I don't trust anyone in this tribe, but if I can at least make it past this one I'll be happy.
1. Caryn (1/2): Today we won immunity, which was fabulous. We won a great reward which was the flint, and up until that point everything was just wonderful. And of course, then there was a turn of events with the capsizing of the boat and the flint is at the bottom of the ocean, so we can't even puff fire.
2. Janu (1/2): When I first saw the rats… (disgusted) Oh, my God, I saw three of them, and they were just going to town.
3. Janu (2/2): I know it's mind over matter and I know if you don't mind it doesn't matter, but… ugh, I mind and it matters. I just can't stand those things. They’re huge. Ugh!
4. Caryn (2/2): It was a mistake for us to choose this island. It was just a quick decision we made, and I-I regret that we didn't think it through. Tom, having taken the leader role in the tribe said, “Let's go for it. It's an adventure.” It was a rash choice made in a moment that could really affect the game for this tribe.
5. Katie (1/1): Caryn is really annoying, because she has not stopped talking about how this island sucks and how everyone didn't want to come here. We only had a second to decide and the majority was like, ‘Let's go, you know, new tribe, new camp.” Unfortunately, it was the wrong decision. Oh, well, we're here. Get over it.
6. Stephenie (1/3): We went to our first Tribal Council and we got rid of Jo. I think it was a great decision. Actually, I think our whole team thinks it-- our whole tribe thinks it was.
7. James (1/3): Without Jolanda around, everybody is feeling good, you know, because there's nobody telling people what to do. We're not going to follow a leader.
8. James (2/3): We can make our own decisions and be democratic about it. We're Americans, and we're gonna do democracy.
9. Angie (1/4): I'm not quite sure of my game plan yet. I know that obviously there's people who didn't vote for me, and so, uh, you know, I'll just make myself a valuable asset to this tribe. If I don't, I'll probably be on the chopping block again.
10. Jeff (1/6): After winning the flint and a sling and the new snorkel and mask and fins, now we can eat. Now we can actually have some protein.
11. Angie (2/4): Everybody was, "Wow, you did so great, you did so great,” and I was like, “Oh, my God, I needed this so badly. This is exactly what I needed.” I was, like, I was ready to cry because I was just so relieved.
12. Bobby Jon (1/4): I definitely judged Angie way too quickly. She went into the challenge and dominated. I mean, completely dominated. I-I don't know what got into her, but it was good and it totally changed the whole morale of our whole tribe.
13. Jeff (2/6): The second we got fire started, I wanted to try and see if we can catch some fish. Maybe even go exploring and see what's all around us.
14. Jeff (3/6): You know, I didn't get a whole lot, but I got enough so that everybody could have a couple of pinches of protein.
15. Jeff (4/6): Being well fed and well nourished is the huge advantage at the next Immunity Challenge. I'm happy that they don't have the flint and I hope they don't find it.
16. Ian (1/4): We're getting our flint and steel. We dropped the box and we're gonna go find it today.
17. Tom (1/1): We went at it at the absolute worse time, and the current was ripping like I've never seen the ocean tide rip. It was like almost, like being in a fast-moving river. We were paddling as fast as we could and just barely holding position.
18. Ian (2/4): It was definitely the strongest current I’ve ever faced in my life. And the box was about 25 feet down. We tried everything. We tried hooking the anchor into the-the handle on the box and bring it up but it kept slipping. As I got more and more tired, it became more and more difficult to get to the bottom and even more with the difficult to tread water. And there were a couple of times when I was like, “Okay, you know, I'm underwater and I don't know if I'm going to make it.”
19. Ian (3/4): Getting the box and having it was like-- I mean, it was like, when running a marathon and winning first place. Once we got it into the boat it was like, man, it was like holding on to a big piece of gold.
20. Ian (4/4): It was definitely a high for all of us, and even though we lost the challenge, it really felt like we won the day.
21. Stephenie (2/3): Tonight is gonna be our first time we have fire, our first time we have water and our first time we're eating in four days since we've been here. We're all famished and we’re ready to chow down.
22. Jeff (5/6): We-- for the first night had actual food besides coconuts and Ashlee didn't want any of it. The way we're going to advance ourselves is be a strong team all the way through, and if we have someone slowing us down, I-I hope that that doesn't bring down our team.
23. Bobby Jon (2/4): Ashlee went into the shelter and she went to sleep. This fire was a big, big thing and she shoulda came outside, just kind of sat there. We sometimes we do things we don't want to do but it's just things you need to do, because we are a tribe here and, you know, people get voted off this tribe in this game we're playing.
24. Angie (3/4): Kim’s been snuggling on Jeff a lot, and I'm not quite sure how that-- if she's playing him or not. I mean, two people alliances are very strong alliances so I'm not sure if they’re kind of buddying up to make an alliance, and so I'm kind of waiting to see how that all plays out.
25. Bobby Jon (3/4): The Tree Mail just came and we're about to all learn Morse code. Right now we've all broken it off into sections ‘cause there's eight people. We don't know if that's a good strategy or not, but we think it's the best one we got. Winning the other day definitely gave us a confidence boost. Today we're going to have an Immunity Challenge here, and now we've got to win that, too.
26. Ashlee (1/1): When we lost the challenge today, everybody was so disappointed. And to make matters worse, it was raining, so our main priority was, “Oh, crap, I hope our fire didn't burn out.” Luckily, we were able to scoop up any hot coal that we could and rushed to a cave.
27. James (3/3): At the Immunity Challenge, Kim didn't want to help the team pull that chest. So I'll tell you how it's going to happen: Kim is gone. Oh, yeah, for sure.
28. Jeff (6/6): James is definitely rubbing me the wrong way. He doesn't have the right to come to me and say, “Oh, listen, it's Kim over Ashlee.” Well, not to me it's not. Ashlee has kind of changed her frame of mind. I can see her slowing down. I mean, at this point, let's just-- let’s vote off our weakest link.
29. Bobby Jon (4/4): Honestly, Kim and Ashlee are just-- they’re (shows balanced hands) about right here. You know, one’s up, one’s down, one’s up, one’s down. So you gotta go with your gut instinct.
30. Stephenie (3/3): Angie, myself, James and Ashlee still want to vote Kim off. Bobby Jon is undecided, so it's a complete mess, because Ashlee now, it looks like, four people are voting Against Kim and four people are voting against Ashlee. So we're gonna have a tie. I don't even know what happens in a tie.
31. Kim (1/1): I want to know. If I'm going to get voted off, I want somebody to tell me that they’re voting for me and I will respect the people a heck of a lot more if they can be just like, “Yes, I'm voting for you.”
32. Angie (4/4): I really think it's going to end up in a tie if everybody sticks to where they’re at right now. Obviously you can't assume anything in this game, so they might do something totally different and I don't know.
1. Stephenie (1/1): I think Tribal Council tonight told a lot ‘cause Kim and Jeff both got votes. If we would have went with our original votes, Ashlee’d still be here, and Kim’d be gone. I think Kim’s aware, and I think Jeff’s aware, too.
2. Jeff (1/4): At Tribal, Jeff was pretty brutal. He asked me about Kim and I. I just basically said that we’re keeping each other warm. We-- it really does help to have someone next to you.
3. Kim (1/3): I think the thing between me and Jeff has just been exaggerated by everybody talking about it. I don’t want people conjuring this image up in their head that’s not accurate, and thinking that there’s a two person alliance, it’s like strategy or whatnot. I don’t want that image.
4. James (1/2): Jeff Probst asked Kim and Jeff if there’s anything going on, you know? And they said, “No, we’re just buddies, cuddling.” Mm-mm-- everybody sees what they’re doing. Right now they’re cuddling. Next week, they’re going to be making out. You know, sucking face and stuff. She’s a woman, and all she has to her advantage is her sexuality. Kim’s got to go. I’m keeping an eye on ‘em. I got ears like a bat, I’m telling you.
5. Tom (1/5): It’s been raining a couple times a day. We have kind of a lame shelter, and we’re kind of limited to supplies here. We’re getting wet at night, and we need a better shelter.
6. Coby (1/1): I’m trying to focus on that damn shelter. It’s been three days, and it’s still not finished. Nine strong has its advantages and disadvantages, ‘cause, obviously, we’re all still together, we’re still strong. Yeah, I think people are grating their nerves even worse ‘cause, you know, you can’t ever get rid of anybody. You know you’re stuck with them.
7. Caryn (1/2): Katie is a very… I don’t know what the word is; it’s not outspoken, it’s tart, you know? Just that she has something to say all the time about everything. And it’s especially true with me. For seven days, I’ve been not saying anything, and I’ve just had it. And I just decided to confront her; I-I want it to stop.
8. Katie (1/2): I was just sitting on the edge of the boat. She just comes up to me and she’s like, “Do you have a problem with me?” And I’m like, “Whaaaa…?” And I started laughing ‘cause she was so irate. She wouldn’t even give me the time to respond to any of her accusations. She wanted to come up to me and just tell me off. And then she went off and she left. She turns and frowns. Like, I couldn’t stop laughing. She’s crazy. She’s completely lost it.
9. Caryn (2/2): The repercussions of my confronting Katie will be that she will not talk to me, and that’s just fine with me. Unfortunately, there might be some tension around the tribe as well. You will always run the risk if you’re too confrontational of being the one who’s voted off, but I haven’t heard my name come up. It could change now as a result of what I did.
10. Bobby Jon (1/5): We kicked tail today and we won a lot of things. We can make a lot of different types of garments. We have so many tools.
11. Ibrehem (1/1): The reward we won was a big, huge sewing kit. I’m not a sewer. I’m not a seamstress. I have no idea what I could do with it.
12. Bobby Jon (2/5): I know I’m going to use some of the line that we have and some of the metal posts that we have for fish hooks.
13. Bobby Jon (3/5): The win today definitely gave us a huge momentum boost. We still got a few things to do, though. So there’s a lot of stuff right now that’s not done that we need to do, so I’m just kind of like… (scoffs) “If I gotta do it, then I’ll do it.” I like it.
14. Bobby Jon (4/5): I’m very disappointed in my tribe right now. I mean, there’s little things that just have to be done. I’m not going to wait for everybody to have a group meeting-- “Let’s decide.” Well, we need to decide and that’s time, and time’s wasting. You know, the first few days, it was fine. I like doing stuff for people. But, man, they’ll let you do (chuckles) everything out here if you keep on doing it. Especially Kim, I don’t think she understands the value of work. There’s lots and lots of work to do. She doesn’t really see that.
15. Kim (2/3): Bobby Jon really works his booty off, almost to the point where we are constantly telling him, “To sit down, you need to chill out.” I think he’s playing his cards in the beginning to be safe and cement his place into the group, and he’ll be of no use if, you know, he keeps doing this for two weeks and, like, crashes and burns.
16. Tom (2/5): We all took a walk down the beach and, uh, spotted a couple of banded, uh, sea snakes. They are very venomous, one of the most venomous snakes there is. We’re hungry, and it was a big motivation. The plan was to just pin it down, hold it down and then lop off its head.
17. Gregg (1/2): They are poisonous snakes. They’re very poisonous snakes. I mean, they can cause cardiac arrest, coma… they can cause death, um, with just one bite.
18. Katie (2/2): Ian chopped the snake’s head off. He was so cute. Like the whole time, he’s all, “Sorry, buddy. Sorry, man. I just got to do it, man. Sorry...” (yells machete downward chopping action)
19. Ian (1/2): You know, I work with dolphins. I love animals, so to just kill a snake outright and in cold blood wasn’t-- wasn’t for me. So, I did feel bad.
20. Gregg (2/2): I was going to head back with Katie and Jenn to start the fire. Tom and Ian, they found three more snakes, and they’re like, “Let’s get these while we can.”
21. Tom (3/5): So it was, uh, maybe a little foolhardy, a little sense of adventure, but, um… obviously I’ve, uh, hooked up with, uh, two other knuckleheads who, uh, take fun in the excitement of-of things like this. We kind of let the carcasses of the snakes hang out, but as soon as we hung them from the tree over the water, we also noticed that a young shark came swimming and kept making closer passes to it. We kind of got interested that maybe we could trade our snake with a shark. If I saw a shark at Jones Beach on Long Island, we would all be running out of the water. We see a shark fin go by here, everybody runs into the water with sticks in their hands. You know, the motivation is there; we have to get food in us.
22. Ian (2/2): They really were close. They were wily. Close enough to make you nervous, like, they come straight at you and make you a little bit heebie-jeebie.
23. Tom (4/5): It’s a game of survival as well as strategy, and the survival aspect of it is more real than I ever imagined, and also, the thought of having shark steaks on a frying pan is the motivation that takes you past the fear of a shark.
24. Tom (5/5): They would get to, uh, just out of reach of us. I-I took a lunge at one and missed, but they knew we were there, and would-would just probe so far, but no closer. Um, we had sharpened sticks, which I-I don’t think would really go through shark skin. We’re going to back off the, uh, the snakes and redouble our effort on the sharks, I think is our plan right now. We’re going to get a shark.
25. Jeff (2/4): Just going out to use the little boys’ room real quick, and came walking down the beach, stepped on a loose coconut. Just my luck, rolled it into my ankle that I had problems with last year. I’m just going to try and keep it up right now. Hopefully, get all the fluids out of it. Maybe wake up in the morning and be a new man. Let’s hope.
26. Jeff (3/4): There’s a lot on my mind this morning. Got a lack of sleep last night because of my ankle. I tried to keep it elevated throughout the night, but the pain is still there, so I’m going to try and take it easy today and, you know, I want to try and save my energy until maybe our next challenge so that I can do my best.
27. Jeff (4/4): We got Tree Mail, and it was the one Tree Mail that’s talking about pure strength, and I’ve got it. I just, at this point, hope to God I can use it. If I mess up today, it’s on my shoulders. I want to win this challenge more than I’ve wanted anything. I want to carry this tribe all the way to the end of this game, and I’m going to do anything I can to do that.
28. James (2/2): Soon as we got back to the beach, old Jeff said, “Guys, you need to vote me off.” Oh, we were sad, you know. We didn’t want to vote him out. He’s strong, you know, he does a lot around here, you know? And the person we were planning on voting out, which is Kim, does hardly anything.
29. Bobby Jon (5/5): I feel very strongly that Jeff should stay. We should get rid of Kim for sure tonight. Jeff’s weakness is our strength. Even when he’s down, he’s ten times stronger than Kim. I’m definitely going to go talk with other people in the tribe and see what they think.
30. Angie (1/1): Some of the other tribe members want to vote off Kim, and I can see that because she really don’t do much, but I’m kind of hoping once Jeff goes she’ll start maybe doing a little bit more instead of just thinking about Jeff.
31. Kim (3/3): Well, it is right before Tribal, and, of course, people are whispering, and I don’t know what conversations are taking place. They could be all over there conspiring and, “We’re not going to vote for him. We’ll see what his ankle does.” I’m feeling vulnerable. I mean, there’s no way of telling what could happen. I definitely think there’s a chance that Jeff could be here tomorrow.
1. Kim (1/6): Tonight at Tribal Council, Jeff went home. I am very sad he’s not here. He’s great for the team. He’s a great friend. It absolutely is horrible to lose the strongest player on your tribe, but that’s what he had wanted, and so that’s what we did.
2. Bobby Jon (1/4): I don’t know. This tribe right now doesn’t have a lot of togetherness and closeness, like we thought we had. I just feel like right now, everybody’s self-esteem’s getting down, but I’m hoping we’re going to turn it around. I hope we do learn something, but… right now, I don’t think we have.
3. Jenn (1/1): Katie and I went to go get Tree Mail this morning and it basically says that we need to send a tribal representative out, and that we have to live with the decisions that we make.
4. Coby (1/1): Today we were volunteering on who wanted to go. Me, Caryn and Janu all volunteered. But it was like nobody listened to us. They just said, “So, should it be Gregg or should it be Ian?” “I want to go.” “Well, should it be Gregg or should it be Ian?” “I want to go.” I just kept repeating myself. By picking the team leader, the separation of the group is just obvious. Katie, Jennifer, Gregg, Ian and Tom are one unit, so that makes five against four. Once we saw them all band together, it was obvious that we’re definitely the underdogs here.
5. Kim (2/6): I don’t agree with the drawing straws. It seems like nobody likes to sit down and think about it for a second. It’s very impulsive, and I’m sure that it won’t be the best decision once it’s made.
6. Ian (1/6): Jeff gave me the choice to pick six tools out of this toolbox. It was a difficult decision. But my dad owns a construction company and I grew up in a farm, so it worked out okay.
7. Ian (2/6): As far as my choices go, I hope the tribe’s happy with it, but I’m feeling fantastic, the adrenaline’s running.
8. James (1/8): I wasn’t trying to be the leader. They picked me, but luckily they did pick me because if they didn’t we wouldn’t have got the tools that we needed to build our lavatory.
9. James (2/8): Leadership is not a role I want to take on, but when a Reward Challenge is at stake, somebody’s got to step up and say, “Hey, get up off your asses and let’s get to work.”
10. Ian (3/6): The Koror construction crew is in high gear. We have a plan now, so we’re gonna pull all the stops out. Koror is going nuts with this thing.
11. Willard (1/2): If you watch Tom and Ian, they’re very careful not to go through the day without saying, in front of the group, something good about everybody in the group.
12. Willard (2/2): Tom is, uh, a leader. That’s what he does for a living. He’s an officer in the fire department. He’s highly motivated. He works hard. He’s our little motor that makes the train run.
13. Caryn (1/1): Every leader for every project is always Tom. That’s the way it is in this tribe. Everyone is… (bows) “Oh, Tom, oh, Tom. Yes, Tom.” The women just don’t-- won’t even throw a stick in the fire without… (mockingly & obediently) “Tom, Tom, can I throw a stick in the fire, Tom?” (shakes head) It’s a little crazy.
14. James (3/8): Being the boss, it’s a big responsibility, but I’m feeling pretty good that I can take some skills that I’ve learned and build us a little outhouse, so we can win us a shelter.
15. Stephenie (1/6): I’m happy to have James as a team leader, but he can be very fatherly, which can be annoying at times.
16. Angie (1/2): It makes me mad that James is like, “Oh, do you need help with that nail?” Because I know what I’m doing. When I have something broken at my house, I fix it. Landlord don’t fix it, I fix it.
17. James (4/8): Kim’s a little bit useless. She’s always trying to get out of things. Finally we found something that she likes to do, which is sew. You know, something she can sit on her ass, and… (mimics sewing) But really, we’ve got five people doing all the hard work.
18. Bobby Jon (2/4): When I start working hard on something, my whole body and soul just goes into it, every ounce of me. I mean, you’ve gotta want it, and that’s what winner’s do. Winner’s keep fighting. Champions keep persevering.
19. Kim (3/6): It sucks to be on a team with completely “gung-ho, I’ll work until I die and bleed to death” type of people. You want the honest truth? I think that I’m the smart one sitting in the center of a bunch of of people running around with their heads chopped off.
20. Kim (4/6): James, he’s going to end up driving people insane and I’m slowly watching everybody mentally lose it, so I’m kind of stepping back and letting the beast attack the beast.
21. Ian (4/6): This morning, Jesse and Jeff Probst came to do the judging so it was, uh… it was very nerve-wracking.
22. Katie (1/2): The tour was terrific. It was taking them through our thought process, how we worked and how we came up with what we came up with. I’m very confident. I’d be surprised if we didn’t win and we need this. We have “Rat City, USA,” and we need a shelter.
23. Gregg (1/1): I think we put everything that we had into this challenge, more so than any other challenge. If I’m judging facial expression, I think Jesse was very impressed. I don’t think there’s any way we can lose this one.
24. Stephenie (2/6): Surprisingly, our bathroom area and everything looks really good. It’s a lot nicer than we thought it would ever be.
25. James (5/8): I think we won, no doubt. It’s-it’s-- look at it. It’s perfect. They’ll be back in about… I estimate two, three hours.
26. Ian (5/6): The Koror construction crew did a fantastic job on this challenge, so we’re really proud. But you never know what rabbit Ulong is going to pull out of their hat.
27. Tom (1/2): The barge boat came around the corner again. We could see The Home Depot, uh, sign on it, and there was a lot of, lot of joy in camp.
28. Ibrehem (1/2): I don’t know, man. I’m kind of thinking that we may have lost. We’re still trying to keep hope up because, you know, the sun hasn’t set all the way. It’s not dark yet, but, uh, it’s looking kind of grimm.
29. Ian (6/6): We have a new shelter going on, so, uh… so a good day for Koror, for sure. Um, everything worked out the way it’s supposed to. Oh, it’s a frickin’ palace. It’s like the Taj Mahal. It’s fantastic.
30. Katie (2/2): I can’t even begin to explain how great our shelter is-- it’s beautiful. It’s not even a shelter, it’s a home. I mean, we’ve got a hammock in there and a lantern, and they built us a picnic table and, like, a little platform for us just to hang out on. It makes the quality of life here so much better.
31. Tom (2/2): As if the shelter wasn’t enough, these wonderful people turned around and gave us a housewarming gift, and it was a, uh, crate with, uh, two bottles of iced-cold champagne in it. We don’t even know if it was the alcohol, but it was the most delicious thing you ever tasted and it felt great.
32. James (6/8): It seems that we lost the challenge. I was confident that we had it, y’know? We worked hard. It looks good. It’s a shame. But that’s alright, ‘cause it just makes us more angry that we lost. We’re ticked off, so we’re going after them and we’re going to run right through ‘em like a dang bulldozer.
33. Stephenie (3/6): I hate for things to come down to the wire, but it seems like it has with us. I mean, this next immunity can make or break us. If we don’t get it, we’re down to five and they have nine. We can’t lose another tribe member.
34. Bobby Jon (3/4): All I know to do to win this next Immunity Challenge is just to fight, fight, fight, fight, fight. That’s all I know to do. You’ve got to block out the past and worry about right now.
35. James (7/8): Feels terrible to have my butt whooped by a homosexual, you know, but a lot of gay folks are strong, man. They are all working out at the gym and all, you know. Damn.
36. Bobby Jon (4/4): We got our butts kicked today. Imagine that. That’s what’s been happening here lately. I personally got my butt whipped, and now we gotta go to Council tonight and we got to vote somebody off.
37. Stephenie (4/6): When we got back from the challenge, I was so mad and upset and embarrassed and just pissed because James lost it for all of us. We could have won immunity, and there it was out of our hands again, four in a row. We lost.
38. Stephenie (5/6): Angie and I, we did the best we could do. We won both our heats, so thank God for the women, ‘cause the guys, they’re getting their butts handed to ‘em.
39. James (8/8): We all know whose name’s going down. Kim, she sits on her butt, but that’s it, you know. She don’t do nothing. She might drink some coconut juice, you know. That’s about the most work she’ll do, you know. Come on. So she’s gone.
40. Stephenie (6/6): Kim, she knows she can be the next one to go. Everybody is completely fed up with her. But if we vote Kim out, and it’s three guys and two girls, Angie and I are in big trouble.
41. Kim (5/6): I think the girls definitely see the value of us sticking together, and I would more than be willing to see some of these guys go because… (scoffs) they aren’t the greatest.
42. Ibrehem (2/2): It’s a slam dunk for me, man. Kim, I just think she’s not a very strong girl, so I just think it’s smarter to vote off the weakest link.
43. Angie (2/2): Me and Steph are definitely talking about really trying to vote one of the guys out instead of Kim. We’d have the upper hand, but then again, we might just lose another Immunity Challenge because she’s not pulling her weight, so what’s the lesser of two evils? Trying to keep somebody around and hope you may not get voted off, but if she helps us lose it, then-- pfft!-- you know, somebody’s going anyways.
44. Kim (6/6): It could go either way. I could go or one of the guys could go because this is a group that actually won’t make final decisions till it’s time to pick up that pen and write down the name.
1. Coby (1/3): In the shelter, people have teamed off, and Jennifer and Gregg have definitely teamed off. I mean, Jennifer had her hand on Gregg’s stomach, rubbing on it. I mean, it’s very obvious. And they won’t admit how close they’re getting, but we can all see it. They got to think we’re stupid if we can’t tell that they’re together.
2. Stephenie (1/3): We get back from Tribal Council, and it’s James and Bobby Jon’s idea to go find the cave because it’s gonna rain.
3. Bobby Jon (1/2): The cave is 300 yards from the shelter. I was the one trying to lead us through there, and I’ve never really been real lost before in the wilderness, especially at night.
4. Angie (1/2): Bobby Jon and James were gung ho about it and I thought it was insane. It’s the middle of the night, we can’t find that cave. We’re going around in circles for, like, an hour.
5. James (1/2): Angie wanted to quit. She’s one of those folks that says, “I can’t do this,” you know, “I’m never gonna find it.” Okay, never say “never.”
6. Stephenie (2/3): After about an hour in the dark, we were all tired. Our feet were killing us. And we came back to our shelter and it poured all night.
7. Angie (2/2): I’m just feeling really miserable this morning. No sleep. We’re all freezing. It’s miserable. Today doesn’t look like it’s going to be shaping up too well. It’s pretty dark and stormy looking. This is a rough one.
8. Tom (1/1): All last night was a tough night. I was a little grumpy this morning. You know, it comes from lack of sleep and you being the guy up tending the fire all night. To-to make matters worse, I had to climb over Willard sleeping in the hammock, uh, each time I had to get up and tend the fire. We made so many hints to Willard about, you know, we all have to help with the fire. Either he’s playing a game where he’s wearing me down by making me stay up all night, or, um, he’s just got the kind of attitude where, “Why should I do it if somebody else is gonna do it for me?”
9. Gregg (1/2): Since we keep winning immunity, you don’t really have to play, you know, the voting, the alliance part of the game. Everyone’s sitting pretty, we keep winning. Koror keeps, you know, getting stronger. So, in a way, because we’ve been winning all these Immunity Challenges, Willard’s been getting a free ride, and he’s been able to play this game a lot longer than he should.
10. Ian (1/1): Today was-- was one we had to win as a team, and we did, and unfortunately, both tribes have to vote one member out tonight. Poor Ulong is really getting decimated. I mean, there’s gonna be four of them left and there’ll be eight of us left. The nice thing is we get to watch Ulong do it and see kind of, where the-- where the, uh, the feelings are and where the strategy is, and, I mean, tonight a party in my mouth is gonna be had. Like, oh, God, I’m so excited.
11. James (2/2): At the challenge, we had it in the bag. Then… Ibrehem. We lost because of him. He gave up. His heart wasn’t in it. If his heart was in it, he would have told us, “Look, I can’t do it,” you know? That would have been the manly thing to do.
12. Stephenie (3/3): I’ve been an athlete my entire life. I’m just not a good loser. I just-- I don’t understand how this tribe continues to lose the way it does, and, um, I’m not good with it, I’m not good with losing. I don’t know how much more I can take of it. I’m-I’m just hoping for a merge really.
13. Ibrehem (1/2): I pretty much lost it for the whole team. I guess I panicked a little bit and felt like I was taking too much time. And that kind of threw it for us.
14. Ibrehem (2/2): All the other challenges, I game my all. I never quit, but I definitely think I’m probably the number one target right now.
15. Bobby Jon (2/2): As much as I do like him and-and as much as I’ve grown to know him, it’s fair to vote Ibrehem tonight.
16. Willard (1/1): I-- I’ve said before, the first time, uh, we get to immunity, I… I very well may have a problem, and here we are. There are situations that can’t be turned around. It’s like trying to fight gravity or King Canute saying, “I want the tide to stop.” The tide ain’t going to stop and gravity ain’t going to shut off.
17. Coby (2/3): I could absolutely say with 100% certainty, tonight will be Willard, and I don’t have the numbers, I can’t change those other people's’ minds, it’s not gonna happen. All it’ll do is set me apart from the tribe, and like I said, it’s a popularity contest. If I act like a bitch, nobody’s gonna like me. I’m not gonna stick around. The only person pissing me off is Katie, but nobody’ll do anything about it. She doesn’t do anything, and she’s still here. I don’t even care how far I get in the game, but if Katie gets further than me, I will just puke, puke, puke.
18. Coby (3/3): The main interesting thing that happened today… (looks around covertly) was with Ken and Barbie. Gregg basically told me, secretly-- and not to tell anybody, and I won’t-- that him and Jennifer want to make a secret alliance to the top four with me and Janu. And they want to pick everybody else off, including Tom and Ian. (shocked face) What?! Out of the blue! The game is now just now getting interesting now that we’re having to vote people off. I’m very excited. I love that the game is going to a new level. I can’t wait.
19. Gregg (2/2): So Jenn and I are in the middle to navigate which way we really want to go, and that’s a luxury. If we wanted to, we could flip from the Katie, Tom and Ian side to the Janu and Coby side. And we could start picking off who I perceived to be the bigger strengths in Tom and Ian. You know, Jenn and I-- people look at us, oh, we’re just, like, a cute couple. Well, I think we’re thinking a hell of a lot more than them.
1. Ibrehem (1/3): That may have been the craziest Tribal Council I’ve ever been to. From walking in, believing that I was going to be voted off, but then the tide got turned and the other tribe ended up giving me immunity. And, uh, someone else ended up getting voted off instead of me.
2. Stephenie (1/8): Tonight at Tribal Council, Ib got the immunity. So, um, Angie was the one that ended up going. But you know, he knew he was gonna get voted off, and he knows he’s going next, ‘cause I’m not changing my mind. So, we’ll see what happens.
3. Bobby Jon (1/6): James just kind of put Ibrehem on the spot. I mean, I don’t agree with that, you know? I mean, we win as a team and lose as a team. Yeah, he-he missed the bottle, and we didn’t win the beef stew. I mean, whatever, you know? You can’t get over beef and stew? Please.
4. Ibrehem (2/3): A lot of times I’m able to get off on my own away from myself and actually, uh, do my prayers. I think if things would have just stayed on track at Tribal, I’m pretty sure I-I probably wouldn’t be here right now. I don’t know. The way things happen, I almost think God had a hand in it. I feel like I’m definitely meant to be here. I think you appreciate things a little more when it’s almost taken away from you, so I think I got a whole new grasp on it.
5. Ian (1/1): Last night was the first Tribal Council, and we had to, uh, vote somebody off, um, which ended up being Willard. And then, uh, we got to eat our stew. Right away, you started to feel this rush of energy back. And, uh, the crew woke up this morning very charged up and refreshed. And it’s just another day in paradise today.
6. Tom (1/2): You know what? It’s a different day. Eh, you know, we all got fed, everyone’s got a little energy, and everyone’s doing a project. Today is a day just to kind of do something to save ourselves some work down the road.
7. Coby (1/1): Camp Koror had… craft day! Well, just Katie; everybody else was working. Didn’t help with the fire, didn’t go hunt, didn’t go do anything. But she made necklaces, God love her.
8. Katie (1/2): I feel great, I really do. I thought it’d be harder than this. And it will be, and I’m prepared for that. So I think that if you keep that state of mind, then you can survive.
9. Caryn (1/1): I would like to see Katie work a little harder and move a little faster. It appears that she’s just here to entertain. She sings, she’s cheerful, she makes a lot of jokes. But what is her role here? I don’t know.
10. Jenn (1/1): So, it sounds like it’s going to be some sort of shooting competition. We don’t know whether or not it’s bow and arrow, we don’t know if it’s slingshot, gun. But, yeah, we really want to win this.
11. Stephenie (2/8): We won the reward; I freaked out. It was just such a nice feeling to know what it’s like to win again. I mean, we’ve been losing so much, and I hate that feeling. I knew that we needed this to boost our spirits and morale, and it… it basically, it was a whole new chapter for us.
12. Stephenie (3/8): The Pringles had questions about other Survivor seasons, which that was kind of neat. And we were all kind of, like, reading our questions, answer ‘em, eating the Pringles.
13. Bobby Jon (2/6): After we climbed to the top of the mountain, we see this lake, and it’s just… it’s just crystal clear. It’s just amazing to know that you’re about to go somewhere where all these jellyfish are at, and none of them can sting you ‘cause the lost their stinging tentacles, because they’re in freshwater, and they’ve been there for million of years.
14. Bobby Jon (3/6): You’re swimming in the water, and all of a sudden you see, oh, there’s a jellyfish, and then five minutes later, you’re with millions, and… they’re just all just coming at you. It’s just… it’s kind of like a euphoric type of feeling. And I just kind of wanted to cherish every second, ‘cause I was at a place in this world where I won’t ever go again.
15. Stephenie (4/8): The win for us today was a huge boost of morale. We feel confident now. We feel healthy, we-we feel strong. And we feel, you know, happy. We feel like a tribe again.
16. Tom (2/2): We had a, uh, a rainstorm that kicked in, but now the wind has picked up to a point. I mean, this-this feels like about a 40-mile-an-hour wind right now. It’s really gusting hard.
17. Janu (1/1): Last night was the first night I think that I’ve ever had where I felt so vulnerable. I just felt very alone and scared. But, I mean, I ended up getting through the night, but it kind of just has… lingered on into the day.
18. Katie (2/2): Janu is losing it. She gets totally caught up in her head, and she’s like in the cocoon in the hammock. And everything is always dramatic with Janu. So I thought I was the drama queen, but… apparently not.
19. James (1/2): Tree Mail is a big old chest, flag in it and a bunch of rope. And we had to make it impenetrable. Well, I know a few things about knots.
20. Bobby Jon (4/6): James says he was in the Navy. We spent a lot of time tying this one knot that he says, like, that when you pull on it, that it’s just going to get real, real tighter. He took the lead. And he acted like he knew what he was doing, so, you know, I followed.
21. Stephenie (5/8): I’m pretty sure this is ours for the taking, so… we’re gonna win.
22. Ibrehem (3/3): We ended up losing another Immunity Challenge. Ulong hasn’t won an Immunity Challenge yet this whole game. When it comes to, uh, tonight at Tribal, the only criteria I’ma go with is whoever I think has done the worst out of all these Immunity Challenges. So it will most likely be for James.
23. James (2/2): Ibrehem has overstayed his welcome. He was meant to go last time. And by the grace of Allah, he didn’t go. Well, my god says he is today.
24. Bobby Jon (5/6): I got two votes the other night at Tribal Council, and I know Angie was one, but I thought Stephenie was the other, but it wasn’t Stephenie. I’m thinking it was James, and it was male handwriting. So I’m thinking James threw a dart at me and I’m going to throw one at him.
25. Stephenie (6/8): I don’t like to lie, but this was in the midst of we were deciding who we were gonna vote out tonight, so there’s no way in hell I could have told him the truth. So I said, “I swear to God it wasn’t me.” I feel really bad lying about it, but if I would have told him the truth, they would have voted me off tonight. He would never be able to trust me.
26. Stephenie (7/8): So I said to Bobby Jon, “Well, what if it’s a tie? Then what are we gonna do? We’re gonna put our butts on the line?” And he assured me that he wanted to make an alliance with me that if I vote for James tonight, he wants to vote Ibrehem out next.
27. Bobby Jon (6/6): At this point in the game, I’m looking in the future, and I don’t think I can get to the end with Ibrehem. So, it will definitely be me and Stephenie all the way to the end. If she’s playing me, we’ll find out, but I don’t think she is.
28. Stephenie (8/8): I’m between two sides right now, because I can stick with James and it will be a tie, or go with Bobby Jon and Ib, vote off James, and then persuade Bobby Jon to stick with his word, and next time, Ib will go. I really don’t know where I stand right now.
1. Stephenie (1/6): I mean, it just feels weird. Like, three people are left. It feels like so long ago when we had nine. I’m really surprised. I mean, I thought I had this all figured out, and now having our tribe, Ulong, lose every single Immunity Challenge-- I’m completely shocked and surprised, and I’m embarrassed. I wish we could have won, but everything happens for a reason. I know I did the best I could.
2. Ibrehem (1/5): It was definitely weird trying to feel like a tribe when you’re down to three freakin’ people. Uh, it does almost feel like a group of friends rather than a tribe. You know, if we had to go to Tribal again, I think it’d be probably very, very emotional. We’re down to three people, and Koror, they have eight, and I don’t know, maybe it’s meant to happen like this. Maybe this is going to get me, Stephenie and Bobby further in the game than we expected. Maybe in some kind of weird way, this is gonna pan out and work out in a-- in a good way for us.
3. Stephenie (2/6): Bobby Jon had approached me yesterday and said, you know, that he thought that we could go far together as a team, and I feel that I can trust him a lot more than I can trust Ibrehem. And I feel that we have a strong alliance.
4. Katie (1/3): Ian comes out with the biggest clam. It was like The Birth of Venus. It was the biggest clam you’ve ever seen. You could stand inside of it. It seriously looked like it weighed a hundred pounds.
5. Ian (1/4): I got the clam, thinking, “Okay, look at me,” like keeping the role of the provider. I’d say we probably had six or seven pounds of meat, so everybody had almost a half a pound of meat.
6. Gregg (1/9): So we just kind of set the-the big clamshells out by the shore. There was still a lot of blood left over from the clam. So we were-- we were just kind of kicking it by the table.
7. Ian (2/4): And all of a sudden, somebody sees a shark.
8. Gregg (2/9): Ian and I both jumped, grabbed the, uh, spears, and jumped in the water ready to get him, and-and they’re quick. They-- you know, they take off right away.
9. Ian (3/4): I had to go jump the boat and I cut my foot open. So I was kind of disabled. And then, everybody saw Tom running down the beach.
10. Gregg (3/9): Tom, out of nowhere, he caught a shark.
11. Gregg (4/9): It was one of the most amazing things I’ve ever seen for-- especially for a-a city boy from-from New York. He’s a madman.
12. Ian (4/4): Geez! You try to be the provider. Like, all you’re trying to do is bring in enough food for the tribe, and then somebody has to come along and one-up the hell out of you. I got a big giant clam and then Tom came back and got the shark. So, next, I guess, the next step for me is to get, like, a humpback whale or something and bring it in.
13. Tom (1/3): The cat’s out of the bag that I’m, uh, a strong player and I’m fit and I’m-- I’m not the old guy on the tribe. You can’t go back and, and now pretend that you’re less than you are or that you’re-- you know, don’t have capabilities. It’s kind of done.
14. Coby (1/4): Oh, now who’s the great white shark killer? So we had had all this meat, and everybody was all excited, so Tom went to here (raises hand high) catching the shark. And so it’s like, “Oh…” The second he caught it, me and Gregg both looked at each other and went, “Hmm. It’s going to be a lot harder to vote him off now.”
15. Ibrehem (2/5): We got Tree Mail telling us to build a signal that is, uh, very creative, that could be seen from the air. There’s going to be a plane that’s going to fly over and decide whether our signal is better or Koror’s signal is better. It’s going to drop a, uh, load of supplies and goods to devour. We really need it. Uh, we could use the food and we could use the-the-- just, morale boost.
16. Bobby Jon (1/5): We’ve been tearing apart our old shelter to use for this challenge. We’ve been cutting bamboo and using part of our bathroom. We’re using everything we can. We really want to win this. I’m sure the other tribe’s doing pretty good. They’ve been doing pretty good at everything else. So I’m not underestimating them one bit. So far it seems like they have a lot of smart people. So we’re just going to see if work can overtake smartness right now.
17. Coby (2/4): The message that we had to do an SOS, and only three people could participate. So through long talks and discussion, it turned out to be Gregg, Caryn and Katie. Which I actually think is a good choice, because Katie is very creative, Caryn is a hard worker and then Gregg’s got the muscle.
18. Gregg (5/9): The first thing that we wanted to do is find the right location. We’re a little shortchanged in terms of shoreline back at camp. So first thing we did was move our location halfway down the beach, which just getting our materials there was-was a lot of work.
19. Caryn (1/2): This is a tough challenge. This is really… it’s high 80s, low 90s. It’s tough to stay hydrated and refreshed when the sun is beating down on you, and we’re working in the sun because we want to be in an open stretch of sand where the plane can see us.
20. Tom (2/3): It’s nerve-racking. I’m just sitting here like a cat on a hot tin roof. You just want to be a part of this thing, and, uh, you just want to help. There’s a lot on the line. There’s nothing you can do, but be an observer, and, uh, I don’t like the position. There’s a lot of apprehension from where I’m sitting.
21. Katie (2/3): Okay, so the idea is to get as much attention from above as possible. So we’re using bamboo and coconut to outline our letters, which is “Got Food?” It’s a great question. Um, we’re making two big fire bundles right here that we’re going to light right when they get there to get some black smoke going. We’re gonna see if the rope soaked in kerosene works. I think that would be a great thing if we can use that because that’d be something that they wouldn’t have.
22. Coby (3/4): We could see what they were doing from here. I didn’t see any smoke at all. And almost their whole plan was fire. So my fear, I think might have come to truth that I don’t know if they got the fire lit. I think the odds are against us, to be honest.
23. Katie (3/3): In the box was three bottles of red wine, and then we had all of these military food packages that you could heat up and eat as meals.
24. Gregg (6/9): We also got a bunch of fishing equipment, so we’re going to take our fishing life or camp life up to the next level now.
25. Caryn (2/2): Our tribe really worked together well. We are like a well-oiled machine. We win a lot of challenges for a reason. I mean, it doesn’t happen by accident.
26. Gregg (7/9): Poor Ulong. There’s three of them now. And I don’t know how they can maintain camp, compete in challenges and stay mentally strong. I think they-they must just be absolutely beat up over this.
27. Bobby Jon (2/5): I guess we lost the Reward Challenge because the plane flew by and didn’t drop anything. We worked hard on it. I guess they worked harder, or I’m sure they worked smarter, knowing them.
28. Coby (4/4): Gregg and Jenn-- they joke about it being the make-out bandit and they kiss and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. So I guess they think they’re dating. I don’t know. I don’t know. I don’t really care. As long as I can get them on my side and my vote.
29. Gregg (8/9): Between Jenn and I, you know, we’re a strong alliance, but when we’re talking, I can’t really have a great conversation with her ‘cause I’m like, “Are people looking at us? What are they-- how are they reading this-this conversation?” People are going to be like, “Alright, they’re talking strategy.” They’re going to be suspicious. They’re not going to trust us.
30. Gregg (9/9): It’s tough, you know, because I am playing a game. It’s tough for me to play a game and be, like, a good date, you know? I can easily get sidetracked by women. So I’m making a conscious effort to play things cool there. Jenn felt that I was just starting to be kind of standoffish. Because we had, you know, kicked things off really well and it was kind of exciting. But then you kind of get into the context of the game and realize, you know, that’s-that’s your priority.
31. Jenn (1/1): I like Gregg a lot and I think he likes me a lot. But Gregg is very intensely focused on this game. It’s all he can think about. And so there have been days where he’s very off to me, and-and it’s been kind of strange. You know, until we spoke, I didn’t know what was going on. You know, I didn’t know if he was still-- if he was still in the same place, if we’re just going to be that alliance, but there is still a romantic connection that’s still there. We’ll just see if he can-- he can loosen up a bit.
32. Tom (3/3): I’m concerned with Gregg and Jenn because they are tight. You know, what is gonna happen when all of a sudden we have to tell Gregg or Jenn that the other one may be getting voted off that night? Uh, you’re bringing in a whole different volatile emotion that is separate from this game. So, uh, I’m-- I’m concerned. We’re all watching the relationship and seeing where the alliances lie. The little romance or whatever they’ve got blossoming, it just could be a monkey wrench that we don’t see coming.
33. Ibrehem (3/5): Bobby Jon was able to catch a pretty large clam, and a nice little hand-sized black fish. Oh, man, when he got that fish, we were all… super excited.
34. Bobby Jon (3/5): Gosh, hitting that fish felt like making the extra point, you know, to win the game or something like that. I felt like-like I had scored. You know, it felt nice.
35. Ibrehem (4/5): Finally we were able to get some protein in our bodies. We ate the clam. We ate the fish and we ate I don’t know how many pans of coconut so, you know, we got protein, we got carbs, we got everything.
36. Stephenie (3/6): The meal was good. I mean, it was nice to be full for a change. I definitely think the food will help us in a challenge if we get one.
37. Stephenie (4/6): We just got Tree Mail, we have an Immunity Challenge, and something to do with a puzzle. And if we don’t get it together, one of our tribe members could be going home. We always keep the faith. We haven’t won one yet. Maybe today will be different. We’re ready. We’re full.
38. Ibrehem (5/5): When we got to the beach after the challenge, we were all shocked… that we couldn’t believe that we were going back to Tribal Council. I think we’ve… this has to be a record. Seven times in a row for one tribe? Good God.
39. Bobby Jon (4/5): Here’s the thing. You’re fighting with these two people for a million dollars, but at the same time, they’re still on your team, and you want your team to do well. So which one do you pick? Right now, I’m like a swing vote. I got Stephenie who wants me to go with her and then I got Ibrehem. Ibrehem and I have just had pretty much had a… uh, a little trust thing since Day 1. I mean, we’re from the same state. And we just kind of got a common theme going and we know that. I know that and he knows that. He’s never went and said, “Oh, you and I have an alliance,” because I think in some ways that’s kind of stupid, but in some ways it does matter.
40. Bobby Jon (5/5): I know Ibrehem would take it like a man if he wins or loses, and I know Stephenie would be a little upset if I vote, you know, for her because she thinks that she and I made this, you know, big-time agreement.
41. Stephenie (5/6): I should have never got myself in a situation with two guys from Alabama. I feel like my fate is in these two boys’ hands. And it just sucks because they’re the same age, they’re from the same state, they got a lot in common. And I’m, like, the outcast, kind of. My plan is just get Bobby Jon alone and talk to him.
42. Stephenie (6/6): It was a little wishy-washy his answer. But I can tell by the way he’s acting, he’s going to vote for me. I’m just pissed. It’s just wrong. It’s the wrong decision. It’s not my time. I’d love to turn the tables on him. Bobby Jon knows how bad I want to stay, and I’m not ready to go yet. And I don’t plan on going. And there’s no reason for me to go.
1. Stephenie (1/14): Tonight we went to Tribal Council, and I was really nervous. I really thought I was gonna be the one to go. Bobby Jon, he beat around the bush. He didn’t really want to give me an answer on whether he was going to vote for me or Ibrehem, but luckily he kept his word and Ibrehem went home.
2. Bobby Jon (1/7): Ibrehem and I, we had a friendship, we had a bond, but in competition you have to rule out feelings, and I just thought Stephenie has performed better than Ibrehem at challenges, so… I did what was best for the tribe.
3. Stephenie (2/14): It was tough with three, and it’s already weird being here only with two, but I don’t feel that my time is up here. I’m still ready to win, and it’s clear now that Bobby Jon and I are the two people best for the job right now.
4. Tom (1/3): The rats, they’re going crazy today. I don’t know if, uh, if we’ve gotten sloppy with food or we’re cutting the coconuts too close to the camp or… I just think it’s that the rats have got comfortable with us and realize that we’re not a threat to them.
5. Coby (1/3): The rats have become bolder and bolder, and it’s all our tribe’s fault because nobody will listen to me. There’s coconuts everywhere, so of course the rats are going to become more and more bold. They’re eating our coconut, which is all over the camp because people won’t clean up. So every bit of rat that we get all over us is deserved. I have told Tom every day since he caught that shark to move his damn shark head, because it stinks, there’s flies everywhere. It’s not even 20 feet from our camp. So I got up this morning, I moved the shark head, I moved the guts because nobody was doing anything, as usual. I’m the one who has to get the firewood, I’m the one who has to keep the fire going, I’m the one who has to boil the water, I’m the one who has to go hunt food. Those girls don’t do anything, especially Jennifer, Katie and Janu. Katie and Jennifer don’t do anything all day long. I’ve never seen them touch a piece of wood since we’ve been here, and now Janu is on her eighth straight day of, “Boo-hoo! I want to go home.” Would you quit already? Get out of the game. You know, I’m too much of a feminist to watch this happen. These Alpha males are just totally waiting on them hand and foot, and the girls are loving it. They’re eating it up. It’s making me sick. I want to take all three of those girls and push them in that fire. (sighs) Oh...
6. Katie (1/3): The challenge today was for a reward. We got 55 gallons of water, which is great, and we won a basket of shampoo and conditioner and toothpaste and toothbrushes.
7. Ian (1/2): I’d say I’m a big fan of the Scope mouthwash. I particularly like the Citrus Splash. Tastes a little bit like oranges.
8. Janu (1/1): We all took a swig, and just-- it felt so good ‘cause it was just tingling. It was wonderful.
9. Jenn (1/2): Seeing the big drum up there… Oh! We have a shower. I was looking forward to feeling human for one day.
10. Tom (2/3): Jenn was crestfallen that she wasn’t going to get in, and I had to assert myself, and it’s something I’ve been trying not to do. But there were people within the tribe who actually thought that the first fresh water that we’ve seen in 19 days should actually be used for shower purposes. It’s ridiculous.
11. Jenn (2/2): Tom is the one who spoke up. “Well, I think we need to, uh, conserve, you know, and-and use that water for drinking,” and it’s 55 gallons of water! I mean, come on! You can’t let us use, like, a gallon or two? Nobody wants to speak up, and I’m not going to be that person. I could see that coming back to haunt me. “Oh, Jenn really wanted to use, you know, the clean water for her bath.” He really is not letting it be a vote. Maybe, in the end, that’ll make him be voted off, you know, for being such a sourpuss about the whole thing.
12. Bobby Jon (2/7): Today’s defeat is heartbreaking. I mean, I had my throat open as much as I could, shoving it in there, but Tom, he shoved his in faster.
13. Bobby Jon (3/7): It just seems like Tom beats me every single time, and that’s something that’s getting real, real old, so I’m real pissed right now. I mean, I see fire.
14. Stephenie (3/14): Bobby Jon? I think he’s been too positive about the losses. He’s like, “It’s okay. We lost again. We’ll get them next time.” But he’s starting to get frustrated. I don’t know. I guess guys need to throw things, punch things, make noise-- whatever they can to feel manly when they’re pissed off. But, half the time, he scares me.
15. Stephenie (4/14): Bobby Jon is sick of losing, and I think he’s finally, finally starting to take it to heart. So, I was actually happy to see him mad like that.
16. Katie (2/3): Being undefeated is glorious, but it’s a lot of days of monotony. We’ve been with the same people for many days now, but things are going to change real quick around here. No more “Happy Koror Day.” No more… (roars) It’s going to be… (growls)... eating each other.
17. Ian (2/2): Gregg and Jenn- they’re part of the alliance, but I’m still worried about them switching over and trying to pick Tom and I off. They’re two votes strong. That makes it a threat. I think they’re definitely using their relationship for strategic advantage, so we know, going into it, you know, that we’re going to need to take one of them out eventually. We’re all family, but, uh, there’s a business side to it, too, so we are on the verge of utter ridiculousness, for sure, and I can’t wait.
18. Tom (3/3): Katie and Ian and I hooked up on Day 2, and said let’s see how far we can take this, and Stephenie also was part of that group. Except for myself, Ian and Katie, nobody even knows that there is a relationship that Stephenie would be the wolf in the sheep’s clothing that they wouldn’t even see coming.
19. Stephenie (5/14): It’s hard being here with just Bobby Jon. Sometimes I don’t know what to say to him, you know? It’s just the two of us left. We don’t have a lot in common. It’s just tough. Bobby Jon is totally turning into a caveman. I mean, I’m not going to lie, like, I am disgusting, but I scrub so much with that sand-- my armpits, and my whole body-- that I really don’t think I smell that bad. But Bobby Jon? He’s just gross. He is always dirty. Always. And then he eats everything and anything. Like, today, we caught a crab. And he’s eating the whole thing, and I’m, like, “You know, you’re supposed to eat the white meat inside, not the shell.” Occasionally, I will turn around and see him blowing a snot rocket straight out directly in the middle of where we sleep. He does apologize, but, um… it’s nasty. It’s hard, ‘cause I-I think about Koror all the time, and I know that they are just, like, living the life over there. They’re having the time of their life, and here me and Bobby Jon are, you know, busting our butts to try to keep this fire in the cave going. I thought this was going to be a piece of cake. I could do this. It’s totally me. I’m totally cut out for this, and I am, and I still believe that, but it’s tough.
20. Stephenie (6/14): Just getting that outrigger into the water damn near killed us.
21. Stephenie (7/14): If I make it through this, I can make it through anything. I mean, it’s tough physically, it’s tough mentally, it’s tough emotionally. (tearfully) It’s hard, it’s like we’re halfway through, but we have so long to go. (voice breaks) And… I’m trying to be so strong and it’s like, you can only do so much work. And it’s hard, it’s like, you’re out here with no one. And it is really hard. I won’t give up hope, but I feel like we’re at, like, a dead end.
22. Stephenie (8/14): We are really kind of down right now ‘cause we’re really tired and we’re really hungry, but we’re just gonna keep trying and trying. You know, we don’t give up, and I-I value that.
23. Bobby Jon (4/7): A school of needlefish swam up, and I just shot right in the middle of them and happened to get one. So I kind of felt like, you know, like I’d accomplished something.
24. Stephenie (9/14): The fish that we had, it was like the best thing I ever had in my life. You can feel the protein going into your body. It’s been 21 days and we’ve barely had any fish, so it was a really nice treat to have that. And that’s all we needed to really get our spirits up.
25. Stephenie (10/14): It’s imperative we win today, because it’s for immunity, and if we lose, there will be no more Ulong. We’re pretty tough competitors, so I think today immunity is going to be Ulong’s, finally, ‘cause I’m pretty good at this stuff.
26. Coby (2/3): We won another immunity, which means that we’ve won every single immunity. It’s mind-boggling. I never fathomed coming into this game I would be on a team this strong.
27. Katie (3/3): We were absolutely the underdogs. We were silly and goofy and kind of quirky-looking, and I cannot believe we won immunity every single time.
28. Coby (3/3): Today meant a lot because my whole life I’ve wanted to be part of a team. Because, you know, when I was a kid, the jocks would make fun of me, I’d quit, I’d run off crying, and that was one of the reasons I came here. As a kid I never played sports. I was always called the girly guy, you know, I was the sissy. People would pick on me, and I would just give up. (tearfully) I ended up quitting school because people made fun of me. (voice breaks) I’ve given up a lot in my life. (pauses) But I wasn’t going to let anybody make me quit this time, no matter how hard it is. So nobody was gonna, nobody was gonna take this away from me, and that’s why I’ve worked so hard, ‘cause I’m not quitting.
29. Stephenie (11/14): Today we lost our last shot at immunity. We had a great lead. We just suck at puzzles. And it’s, like, what can we do? It’s over now.
30. Bobby Jon (5/7): You know, we’ve tried to prepare, we’ve tried to strategize, we’ve tried this, tried-- nothing has worked for this tribe-- I mean, nothing. I felt like I was focused. I felt like Stephenie was focused. I thought we were gonna win. I don’t know. I’ve done all the grunting and getting and going and climbing and swinging from vines and all that that I can do, and now it’s gonna be between she and I.
31. Stephenie (12/14): Tonight we will go to Tribal Council, and there will be an individual immunity up for grabs, some sort of challenge, and we’re gonna compete against one another to see who stays in the game.
32. Stephenie (13/14): It’s kind of scary, because I don’t know what’s gonna happen. Like, Ulong will then be down to one remaining member, and I guess that person will come back here by themselves? It was scary just coming back here with Bobby Jon, but at least I knew I had him, because he does a lot of the work around camp that I can’t do. So if I’m here by myself, that will be really scary.
33. Bobby Jon (6/7): There may never be a merge, and it may just keep on going one at a time, and if it does, then I’m prepared for it. I’m good at getting fire, I know where every coconut tree is, I know where every little fishing hole is, so I can stay out here for weeks by myself.
34. Stephenie (14/14): It’s tough because we were teammates all along, and now we’re competing against one another. So it’s do or die. If I don’t win tonight, I’m out of the game completely. If I win tonight, there is a whole variety of things that could happen.
35. Bobby Jon (7/7): Stephenie thinks nonstop. I think she even thinks when she sleeps. So she’s thinking right now, “How am I gonna kick Bobby Jon’s ass?” (laughs) That’s just how she is, and when it comes down to being, you know, badass to badass, I’ll-I’ll-I’ll get-- I’ll get just as badass with anybody. Yeah, I been doing this little team thing, and that’s fine and cute, and I enjoy it and it’s great, but I’m kind of getting tired of the team thing. It’s done, you know? This is team Bobby Jon right now.
1. Stephenie (1/10): It was exciting being the last Ulong member. At the same time, it was really scary, because it’s just me now.
2. Stephenie (2/10): I learned how to light a fire, how to keep a fire, how to tend a fire from Bobby. I kind of feel bad, because he taught me so well I beat him tonight in the challenge. I’m not sure I want to go to bed tonight, because I don’t want to lose this fire. I’m so scared, when it goes out, I won’t be able to get it back. This is scary. This is scary as hell. This is the scariest thing and the hardest thing that I’ll-I’ll ever do… but I’ll-I’ll never give up. I’m not a quitter.
3. Stephenie (3/10): It’s a huge shock, now that I’m here by myself. I mean, like, everything’s on my shoulders.
4. Stephenie (4/10): I have to do everything on my own. I have to get water, I have to keep the fire going, I have to prepare everything. I keep thinking, like, “Am I gonna be able to do this?” I feel like I’m gonna, like, starve to death.
5. Ian (1/5): Oh, what day is it? It’s Day 22? So we’re on our way into the final portion of the game, and, uh, we’re all feeling it. We’re hungry, we’re tired. We’re getting skinnier. But I think one of the reasons everybody becomes so lethargic is we get kinda drug down by each other. Coby and Janu have been pain in the asses for the past three or four days. Janu does nothing. She lays in the hammock all day, just like the dysfunctional aunt that lives in the attic. Coby got, kind of, this attitude to him, and really he’s become the pouter of the tribe and it’s really getting annoying.
6. Coby (1/5): I am very cranky, and everybody knows it, so I’m trying desperately to control my temper. I could sit here all day, which is probably what I plan to do for a while-- stay here for an hour or two, so I can stay away from the boys who are pretend-fishing right now. They’re all looking at the sizes of their hooks and imagining all the fish they’re gonna catch. It’s a waste of time, if you ask me. You don’t get food unless you go get it. I don’t know what the hell they’re daydreaming about.
7. Stephenie (5/10): There’s not many fish down there, and I don’t see any clams. Gonna have to go, maybe, get coconut or something.
8. Stephenie (6/10): I’m done. Went fishing, no fish. Went clamming, no clams. Tried to do that bamboo thing, almost dislocated my shoulder. I don’t know what else to do. It’s tough. But if I win… (voice breaks) it’ll be worth it. That’s for damn sure. That would be awesome.
9. Ian (2/5): All of a sudden, Stephenie shows up from Ulong, which was a sight for sore eyes. Having somebody new in town was like, it was like, you know… a guest, you know.
10. Stephenie (7/10): I was so quick to give up that damn Ulong buff, and it’s not anything against Ulong. It’s just, I’m so done with that. This is a new chapter in my life, I feel like. I’m ready to start winning with Koror. I love this camp. It’s so much better than ours. There are places to sit. Oh, my God! There’s a roof. There’s a toilet that’s working. There’s clean water. It’s-it’s-it’s amazing. This is like heaven compared to where I came from.
11. Jenn (1/1): Stephenie, the new girl. I met Stephenie and hit it off with her the very first day. But that was before I knew that she was such a stiff competitor. I’m really worried that the longer she’s with us, the more she’s going to make friends and she’s going to weasel her way in. As much as I’d like to have her around, I think she needs to go really fast.
12. Coby (2/5): Everybody’s started kissing Stephenie’s butt the second she got into camp. That was hilarious. I wasn’t expecting that. Katie shot up Stephenie’s butt the second she got here, and she’s like, “Remember the first day, when we landed? Remember the first…?” We get it. We all saw each other the first day, Katie. You don’t have a special bond with Stephenie. I can’t wait to get Stephenie alone, ‘cause the second I get Stephenie alone, I’m telling her every alliance, every plan. She’s going to know it all and she can see just how tight we are as Koror. We’re so “tight” and “sweet” and “lovable.” Yeah, right, whatever.
13. Ian (3/5): Oh, well, we, uh… we just got some visitors, um, who look to be, uh, traditional Palauans and it looks like our feast is going to be learning how to fish Palauan style, and I’m so excited.
14. Tom (1/5): Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; uh, teach a man to fish and you feed him for the rest of our time here on “Rat Island,” so, uh… this is what we need, and we need to learn how to get these fish, how to get the bait and, uh, it looks like we’ve got the guides to do that now, so… 
15. Tom (2/5): Joe said that he needed two people to stay and keep working on the bait. Coby jumped up immediately and said, “I’ll work on the bait,” which was fine, and then he started suggesting that Ian also stay and do the bait.
16. Tom (3/5): Ian’s been out there with the spear. We’ve been making fishing lines. We’ve been trying different things, and Ian didn’t belong back on the beach trying to catch bait, at this point. He belonged out there learning how to fish and I spoke up.
17. Ian (4/5): Um, Coby got kind of huffy about the whole thing and, you know, complained that he was getting split off from the group again. It was just, he was being a pain in the ass, like, come on.
18. Coby (3/5): “Tom, shut up. I’m bait man, you’re fish man. Get out of here. Leave me alone. I can do it myself.” So I walked off with the girls, stomped off, and tried to do bait and I just don’t want to see him again today. I hope he stays out there fishing for the rest of the night, ‘cause I don’t want to see his face anymore for the rest of the day.
19. Gregg (1/1): Fishing in the boat was great, man. It was an awesome experience to just be out there with these two Palauans in their, in their home waters. Ah, you know, experts at-at-at fishing. Joe, I think he hit like, seven in a row, just kept reeling them in.
20. Stephenie (8/10): The guys caught about 13 fish and a lobster. And big ones. Like, some were small but some were like this… (shows arms wide apart). It was amazing.
21. Ian (5/5): There was this big celebratory mood, you know? We were so happy, we actually have dinner on the table when they hand over these bottles of rum. They open up some coconuts, and they pour rum into the coconuts. It was so good.
22. Katie (1/2): Tom kinda looked to be a lightweight, though. What’s going on with the strongest guy in our camp getting wasted? It was weird.
23. Stephenie (9/10): I like everybody in this tribe. Originally, I really connected with Tom, Katie, and Ian, but it’s been a long time. It’s been 22 days. I don’t know how they’re feeling. I don’t know if they still feel the same. I know it’s tough. I mean, I’m coming into a tribe of eight and I’m the outcast, so I’m a little nervous. I could be the next to go. You know, you always have that in the back of your mind, you could be going. You’re stupid if you don’t, in this game.
24. Tom (4/5): Ah, feeling good, you know. We’re just raring to get out there, get a couple of fish. Uh, it was a big party last night. Uh, a lot of fun. I’m missing a few gaps in it. Uh, 21 days without food. A couple of shots of rum. It was lights out for Tom, so, uh, today, I’m ready to go, you know. I’m first one up, trying to catch some bait and, uh, whatever Joe and Edwin could impart in one day and share with us, I think we got.
25. Tom (5/5): It was-- it was a touching thing to meet these Palauans, them impart their knowledge, which I imagine was passed down from their father and their grandfather before them. And they got to show a couple of greenhorns from New York and Ohio and Dallas and all over the place, how they do it here in Palau, and now we’re going to get to go out there and see-- and see if we can keep it going, so it is a good morning.
26. Coby (4/5): Today, when the two Palauans were leaving, Tom would not stop kissing their butt and just laughing at everything they said. I mean, he has this fake laugh he brings out, and he would say, “If you’re ever around our camp again…” (mocks Tom's laugh) That’s what I’m-- that’s what I’m sick about my tribe-- they act like we’re so honest and sweet and nobody’s playing the game. Stephenie’s going to add a whole new layer to the game, even though nobody thought she would. I will work Stephenie into this game as hard as I can because I want Stephenie in. Stephenie’s a true survivor, she lasted the longest in her tribe and she deserves to be in the top.
27. Coby (5/5): Me and Stephenie have always gotten along and I think she really appreciated the fact that I was talking to her strategy first. I knew that it would almost be like claiming land; whoever got to her first would make a bigger impact, so I did it first. The second I got through talking to Stephenie, Katie and Jennifer grabbed her-- the second she walked back to camp-- and they went and talked to her. That’s all right. I talked to her first.
28. Katie (2/2): So Steph talked to Coby and, um, immediately came back over to me and told me everything that he said. She’s, like, I just want to make sure that I’m okay with you guys ‘cause we told her when we were on the other tribe we’re all okay. We’re going to try to stick with that as much as possible, but Jenn thinks she’s a very big threat. Coby has also told Steph that Jenn wants to kick her out, which isn’t good.
29. Stephenie (10/10): I come into this new tribe, um, you know, one Ulong person going in this whole Koror tribe that’s stuck together this entire time, and they tell me, you know, “Your head’s not on the chopping block, so don’t worry, you’re not going to be voted out.” So I-I don’t know what’s going on. I don’t know who to believe. I don’t know who to trust and I don’t know who to talk to. I almost don’t want to talk to anybody, but then I might shoot myself in the foot, so I’ve got to figure some things out.
1. Janu (1/8): Last night, Coby got voted off, and I was taken by surprise-- I had no words, I couldn’t even say good-bye to him, I just… felt… this huge loss. I was so taken aback, I felt betrayed. Nobody had informed me of anything.
2. Katie (1/3): Janu is completely mad. She’s crazy. She’s a crazy person. Last night at Tribal Council, she was sitting like a jack-in-the-box with this really creepy smile and eyes on her face.
3. Caryn (1/4): Katie started… she was gossiping about Janu. She was saying, “Ooh, Janu is giving looks. Janu is making faces,” and… Janu overheard it.
4. Katie (2/3): She just talks in these circles and doesn’t make any sense, and then she’s like, and, you know, “Katie, then you’re making fun of me,” and she does the face again, which is even more scary when she’s impersonating herself being impersonated.
5. Gregg (1/4): Janu is turning it into just something that we need to kind of put up with out here. It’s kind of a buzz kill to have her around. It’s unfortunate, but… what are you going to do? I’m not going to vote someone out because I don’t like them. I can get over it. She plays a bigger role in-in all of our strategies, where Stephenie, uh, only threatens it. Some may think that Stephenie deserves to stay around, but in-in the-the grand scheme of things, winning this game is-is hardly about deserving. I don’t care if someone deserves to be here or not. If-if you have a role in my strategy, then you deserve to be here so you can help me win a million dollars.
6. Tom (1/5): We’ve been in Palau, now, um, for weeks and weeks, and really have seen nothing but the wilderness of Palau. This was my opportunity to meet the people. To be respected by them and then to return that respect. It’s just another gift that I bring home.
7. Caryn (2/4): I’ve never been in the presence of a real chief. He gave me a beautiful headpiece with flowers and he blessed me. I was very, very moved.
8. Gregg (2/4): We were just very thankful for the opportunity to step outside of life on the island here and experience what is life in Palau really like.
9. Janu (2/8): We sat down at a little table very low to the ground with pillows on which they just started a procession of epicurean delights.
10. Caryn (3/4): There was no talking game strategy, planning, we left all of the game and strategy at the door.
11. Janu (3/8): Halfway through the meal, I had to get up and excuse myself. I thought I was going to have an embolism.
12. Gregg (3/4): You know, it’s kind of disappointing, you get this big meal in you and we’re all enjoying it and want to-- want to take down as much as possible, and, you know, there’s four other people that-- that would have enjoyed it a ton, but unfortunately, Janu just couldn’t handle the entire thing.
13. Caryn (4/4): We didn’t even talk about if we had brought back any food, and we knew they were assuming that we didn’t bring back any food, and Gregg says, “Okay, don’t finish your stew. Don’t eat another bite.”
14. Tom (2/5): We just came back from this feast, and Janu says, “Oh, I want to try just one more,” and reaches out and takes some of the food.
15. Katie (3/3): I thought it was interesting that Janu decided to say, “Oh, you know, I didn’t get to try that,” ‘cause she was vomiting or whatever, and she stuck her hands in there, and ate our dessert. Actually, Caryn did it, too. But, you know, what are we going to say? “Get your hands of something that you brought us?” I don’t think so.
16. Stephenie (1/3): I definitely need immunity, because apparently I’m the (air quotes) “strongest” girl, and I’m just as much of a threat as any of the guys. But we’ll see. I mean, I’m doing the best I can out here, and I just hope that I can get immunity.
17. Janu (4/8): Right now, I am going to a different island, all by myself, because I couldn’t finish out the Immunity Challenge.
18. Janu (5/8): I don’t think that I’ll be scared as long as I have fire. I think if I am going to be in the dark, then I think I’ll get a little bit more scared. This is very hard, and it’s very frustrating, but I don’t want to give up. I just feel very inadequate, ‘cause I see the fire come up and then… it goes away. And I try to put little pieces… and it’s not working.
19. Janu (6/8): This is a challenge for me, but I needed time away from that camp. I’m not getting along well with anybody. I feel very much on my own, and… it is me against them.
20. Janu (7/8): Yesterday, I didn’t even want to be here, but maybe God was just telling me, hold on a little bit more because this is the feeling you are supposed to get. So who knows? Every day brings new experiences, and right now, I am probably the happiest that I have been in these 26 days, ‘cause it’s all about me and this little island.
21. Tom (3/5): The big decision that we’re facing right now is who’s going home tonight?
22. Tom (4/5): From Day 2, Katie, Ian, myself and Stephenie had all decided that we’d try to run this as a final four, and we all agreed that should we get split into different tribes, every man for himself, but look out for each other when we do get back together. The problem with that right now is Jenn and Gregg, who have since joined Ian, Katie, and I, and have become five, are adamant that Stephenie goes home.
23. Gregg (4/4): Stephenie is a physical threat. She’s a competitor. She’s got a strong will. She wants to win this game. There’s other folks, like Janu, who don’t want to win this game as much as her. The Stephenie story has been continuing and continuing, so you can just see it all coming together: Stephenie conquers Ulong, then comes in and conquers Koror, and we want to all prevent that from happening.
24. Tom (5/5): As things seem now within the tribe, Stephenie appears to be going home tonight. So, it’s-it’s not… where my heart is, but anything can happen.
25. Janu (8/8): To be honest, I didn’t want to come back here, and when I got here, everybody was like, “Oh, that’s great. Hey, good job. Way to go.” The same people that were being rude and saying that I created animosity. Just… not… nice.
26. Stephenie (2/3): I mean, we all agreed that it was Janu tonight, and Janu wants it to be her, but for some reason I have a feeling it’s me. Today, there was never a time when I’d grab anybody alone and walk down the beach.
27. Stephenie (3/3): It almost seems like no one wants to talk about it, so I’m really nervous.
1. Stephenie (1/7): When I got back, I felt a little uncomfortable. It’s just wrong that they were going to vote me out, and this girl that doesn’t even want to be here, Janu, they’re gonna keep around, just-just because she’s easy, you know, later? I’m getting pissed off now. I don’t know who to trust. I don’t know who to talk to. I almost don’t want to talk to anybody. I’m not going to shoot myself in the foot, though.
2. Gregg (1/3): We came back to camp. Tom played it off like, “Hey, you know what? We were gonna change our vote,” and it was just, like, you know, comfort Stephenie, make sure that she feels welcome and not disrupt tribe camp.
3. Stephenie (2/7): Katie, Tom, myself and Ian, we had a four-strong alliance, and now all of a sudden, all the tables are turning and I’m like, “What’s going on? Who’s switching?” I don’t know, but whether I go next or not, I will get to the bottom of it beforehand.
4. Gregg (2/3): I’m upset by the fact that we didn’t vote Stephenie out when we should have, which is the first round, and by keeping her around, she influences the team dynamic and it scares me because Stephenie progressing in this game means that Koror falls apart and starts to stab each other in the back.
5. Stephenie (3/7): Katie acts like she’s my friend and I can trust her, and then I go to talk to her and she’s like, “I don’t know. I don’t know what-- what’s-- I don’t know who’s leading. I don’t know. I don’t know.” She won’t tell me anything, so I need to talk to Tom.
6. Tom (1/7): There’s a reason why Stephenie has survived as long as she has. She’s got great instincts. I really see her as one of the supreme players. Now she’s looking for her way, though, to stay in the game, being the true Survivor that she has demonstrated herself to be, um… she’s going to start working on things and that’s a problem. Probably the safest thing for all is for Stephenie to leave. I think I’m in the same position where I’m gonna be the threat and they’re gonna come after me.
7. Tom (2/7): I said, “Listen, my game was revealed because I was playing real hard for the tribe.” I said, “Don’t hold it against me now and don’t make me pay for coming out so strong early.” And I’m just hoping that these people don’t hold it against me to that level that, uh, I’m finished.
8. Katie (1/5): Tom’s plea, that did nothing. The plea, you know, him, “Oh, you know I brought this tribe,” you know? “Helped this tribe get as far as we got,” you know? Yeah, whatever-- you’re the one that said it’s an individual game now. So that’s what we’re playing, buddy. Sorry! I know that I’m aligned with people that are really good, so to go up against people that are really good in the game, that’s a challenge for me. If any time, this would be the time to switch over.
9. Katie (2/5): Jenn and Steph and I discussed the fact that we have four women and three men here, so we were just kind of entertaining the thought that maybe if we all got together, we could have some power here. But we haven’t talked to Caryn about it, so now I have to discuss it with her.
10. Stephenie (4/7): No matter how threatening you think I am, those three men are more threatening. And, um… if I get voted out next, no matter what kind of relationships they think they have, when it comes to a million dollars, you can think you have the best relationship in the world, doesn’t matter. Those guys will take you out. I can be a good persuader, manipulator, so I’ll work my angles when I can and, um, I hope I’ve shown them all. Really. You want-- you want to think I’m a threat? I’ll show you how threatening I am.
11. Tom (3/7): A Tree Mail came in a little-- it looks like a purse or a, uh, a money folder, and we really think today might be the day where they give you x amount of money and we get to spend it on, mostly, food and drinks. So the fact that it says “mostly” to me means that there may be some other things. Right now I think I need a little, uh, food for the soul, and, uh, anything from home would-would-would serve that purpose.
12. Stephenie (5/7): Great Reward Challenge. Got, um, letters from our families. I have letters from all four of my brothers, my sister-in-law, my beautiful nieces and nephews, my parents, my boyfriend. I have, like, 12 letters. I come from a great family, strong group of people who have always been positive and very motivational and that’s why I am the way I am and it just makes me try all the harder just to stay in this game. I feel like I’ve conquered so much, but I want it all. I mean, there’s been talk, us girls might get together, but you can’t trust anybody. Having these letters is all the food and all the energy I need, because I will read these letters and I will think of these people, and I’ll go in there like wildfire and I will win this. I know it.
13. Ian (1/6): Jeff commented that I reek pretty bad, so today is bath day, in honor of Jeff Probst, who, uh, who noted that I-- I definitely stink.
14. Ian (2/6): I have long, monkey arms, but I couldn’t get all the dirt off my back so I asked Gregg to help me out.
15. Jenn (1/1): The picture out there with the men bathing each other, loofah-ing. I think it’s pretty comical. (chuckles) I think they could have asked a girl to loofah their backs if they wanted to.
16. Katie (3/5): (jokingly) So Ian and Gregg had a little moment out in the water. Maybe that’s the secret alliance we don’t know about. You never know...
17. Ian (3/6): It was kind of a Grecian bath. I think we were totally made fun of for that one, but, uh, I’m comfortable with my sexuality. It’s not a big deal.
18. Tom (4/7): I know that a lot of the tribe members are going to be like, “This may be our last chance to take him out. Let’s do it right now.” So I’m prepared for that. Um… my only protection is to keep the five tight, and I’ve also got to bring in Caryn as a confidante. If there’s a little trouble brewing for me, I want Caryn to think that I’m looking out for her interests, she’s looking out for mine.
19. Caryn (1/4): Tom is my in right now, and Tom said to me, “Caryn, I’m going to watch you as long as I can.” He said, “I want you to go as far as you can.”
20. Tom (5/7): So it was a good move on my part to be friends with Caryn. Um… what happens, happens at this point. You know, you just, you play your cards as best you can. If I don’t win the Immunity Challenge, um, I’ll be ready to see my name written a few times.
21. Tom (6/7): So Mother Nature throws this little curveball and, uh, you know, we’re gonna have a rainy day. So I think it would be very funny if the sun breaks out and you just see seven people scatter out of the tent in individual groups just going to explode with the things that are building up inside them while we’re stuck inside. Uh… it’s going to be a fun day.
22. Stephenie (6/7): The girls want to vote the guys out one by one, so I think they’re just going to tell Caryn. So I’m like, “Are they really going to take me and us four really take out the three men?” We’ll see.
23. Caryn (2/4): Katie asked me if I wanted to make an alliance with the girls. She said, “There’s four of us and three of them and now is the time to do it.”
24. Caryn (3/4): I really have to think it through. I mean, I’ve been down with Tom, so this is a whole new thing that I really have to think about. I mean, I don’t have, like, the word (air quotes) “alliance” with anybody. I’m watching out for Tom. Tom is watching out for me.
25. Tom (7/7): Well, that was Caryn just letting me know that the girls are talking about eliminating some of the guys and, uh, that my name popped up. I’m still just a little wary of why Caryn’s giving me the information. You know, she’d be better off holding on to that information and just surprising me. Uh, it’s an interesting day here. I’ve got to get off, uh, with Ian, do a little, uh, planning there, too.
26. Ian (4/6): I think everybody’s starting to play the game and Caryn’s kind of telling stories to everybody and trying to get a way into a situation where she can be on top. So, um, my mind’s going about four-and-a-half miles a minute and I’m trying to figure out what the next move is.
27. Katie (4/5): Caryn went back and told Tom that I was planning to get all the women, which is not what I was doing. I was just entertaining the thought, but we can’t get a female alliance together because Caryn sucks.
28. Katie (5/5): We should take out Tom. I believe Tom stands a huge-- good chance that he can win every immunity from here on out, ‘cause he’s smart and he’s strong. I think the biggest obstacle is getting Ian on my side. And to vote off Tom, I think I can get Ian to do that… I think.
29. Ian (5/6): Tom realizes that he’s the biggest threat and while I kind of… you know, I-I kind of comforted him through the whole thing that that’s not the way it is; for me it’s very up in the air.
30. Ian (6/6): This is where the game gets really, really difficult. Caryn needs to go home. Stephenie needs to go home. So my big dilemma today is: do I vote Tom out?
31. Caryn (4/4): I think I’m screwed because I think Ian told Katie that I’m playing probably both sides of the fence, and so I might be in trouble. So, I don’t know where I am right now.
32. Gregg (3/3): Stephenie needs to go. You know, it’s already been too much of the Stephenie show. She brings a complexity to the game right now, and the sooner we get rid of her, the easier it is for us to go back to what the plan is. Don’t mess with the plan. Don’t mess with the plan. I’m going to get pissed off. I am going to get so pissed off.
33. Stephenie (7/7): I feel like this whole game I’ve had stuff hanging over my head and I’ve made it through somehow. If these people are smart and they know how to play the game for themselves, their best bet is to not get rid of me tonight. I’ve said my piece, I’ve planted the seed. If they’re smart, Tom will be the next one to go. Whether they choose to go with it, that’s on them.
1. Tom (1/7): Stephenie was the one voted off. I thought that it could have been me last night. I wouldn’t blame them. If I was playing against me, I’d want me out of here, too, but they didn’t do it; it was a relief. They’re holding true to the five, and I would like to believe that it will continue to do that.
2. Tom (2/7): Caryn and I spoke on the way to Tree Mail. She’s more nervous than a long-tailed cat in a roomful of rocking chairs, at this point. She knows that she’s outside of an alliance of five, so she feels she’s next.
3. Caryn (1/3): I’ve been telling Tom and Ian that Gregg and Jenn need to be split, and he said he knew that, but that he could not turn against the five people that he had the alliance with, so I am definitely the most vulnerable of the six remaining, no question about it. I’m just hoping and praying that something happens. Otherwise, I’m going home.
4. Ian (1/6): Katie and I promised each other, if we won a challenge, we’d take each other if we have the ability, and that’s what we’re gonna do today.
5. Ian (2/6): Today at the challenge, Katie chose to throw me into the water rather than Gregg, and I said, “Wow, that’s interesting. If Katie is willing to sell me out for a night on the yacht, there’s no way she’s going to hold onto me for a million dollars.”
6. Tom (3/7): Caryn warned me that Katie was looking to get rid of me, but I still wasn’t willing to take her word over Katie’s at that point. Now, Ian says Katie, she’s now become the shady lady Katie, looking to dump us and go into the final with Gregg and Jenn.
7. Caryn (2/3): Suddenly, the sequence of events have fallen into place that have really benefited me. Those five had an alliance, and, lucky for me, that alliance is breaking down now. I’m not sure exactly what’s going to happen. The only thing I can do is to keep close to Tom and Ian. That’s all I can do. That’s my only hope.
8. Gregg (1/6): We get to the boat and Captain Mike greets us and lets us know this is a day of being pampered, VIP treatment. He shows us to the bunks and when we walked in and we found our bathing suits which we haven’t seen since we left for the island. We were so excited to get on to the next event. So we quickly scrubbed up, threw the bathrobe on and then we went up to the deck for full-body massages. It felt like finally I was on vacation in Palau.
9. Gregg (2/6): I’m sitting there loving it, just relaxing, and then I noticed the hands feel a little colder, feel a little different. Next thing I know I get a hard smack on the ass, and, uh, I do a double take ‘cause my eyes have been closed, I’ve been daydreaming, and my best friend from home, Greg, is staring at me, and he’s like, “What’s up?” We were both in disbelief. It was nuts. We didn’t know how to react.
10. Jenn (1/3): All of a sudden, I get a tap on my shoulder, and it’s my sister Kim. All I could do was bawl, like cry. That’s all I could do. I was just like, “Oh, my God, she’s here!”
11. Katie (1/5): Stan is my sister’s husband. He is the brother I never had. My sister just had a baby, so she wasn’t able to come, so it was the next best thing to having my sister. I couldn’t ask for a-- a better reward. It was the most phenomenal experience of my lifetime.
12. Tom (4/7): The way the rules are, if there is a tie at Tribal Council, both members who were voted on, those two will become safe and it comes down to the rest of us, reaching in a bag, pulling out a colored stone. Whoever gets the purple stone is going home that night.
13. Ian (3/6): We have a plan. Tom and I have decided that we’re going to force a tie at Tribal Council. We’ve prepared ourselves for the idea that we might be going home, but this is a risk we had to take. It’s a gamble. Hopefully, Katie realizes that she doesn’t want to pick a rock. She wants to stay in the game. It’s a delicate operation that needs to be handled with the utmost of care. This is kind of like taking a bag of potato chips from a fat man. You can do it, but you’d better do it quick. Otherwise, he’ll turn around and sit on you.
14. Caryn (3/3): I’m psyched. I’m totally psyched. This is really working out well. I think we can pull this off, I really do. Because you know what? I’m a very good actress, very, very good.
15. Jenn (2/3): We’re on a boat going to this lagoon. We’re just thinking snorkeling, we have no idea. All of a sudden, all of us see these fins that are just swimming through the water and we’re like, “Oh, my God, no way, no way!”
16. Katie (2/5): Swimming with the dolphins was, by far, the most magical moment I’ve ever had. It was something I’ve always wanted to do. I mean, it’s like my dream.
17. Jenn (3/3): It was the most surreal experience I’ve ever had, and to be able to share that with my sister was just incredible. (tearfully) I kept going, “I can’t believe you’re here for this.” It’s just the experience of a lifetime, and she got to share it with me. I never wanted it to end. It was unbelievable.
18. Gregg (3/6): After the day of snorkeling, and hanging with the dolphins, we were able to do a little strategy talk. This was our opportunity to confirm that, “Hey, guys, it’s us three to the final three.”
19. Katie (3/5): I came into this knowing that I might have to jump ship, if it comes down to it. My strategy is to stick with those people that make the decisions until those people no longer have any power, and then jump to the next person that makes the decision.
20. Gregg (4/6): We all realize the threats that Ian and Tom are, so it was good to get agreement with that. It felt real. It felt true. And I-I believe that that bond is-is tight til the end.
21. Tom (5/7): Today I think my worst fears were, uh, realized. Only three family members got to spend time with their loved ones, and the other three are left on the beach to, uh, hear the stories. This one cuts and twists, and, uh, it’s tough.
22. Gregg (5/6): When my friend Greg had to leave, it was just really tough. You know, it was only a year ago that my dad passed away, and the grieving still happens every day.
23. Tom (6/7): This might have been the last love fest in camp. Now it’s time to get control of the game again, and focus on the coming 6 days and what needs to be accomplished. It has been a good run, but it’s about to get a little rough. That little trip that they took may cost them big.
24. Ian (4/6): In order for our plan to work, a lot has to happen today. Worst case scenario is Gregg wins immunity, so we really need to work hard today and make sure that doesn’t happen. I didn’t come to play for sixth or fifth or fourth or third or second. I’m going to do my damndest to make sure that I come across the finish line first.
25. Tom (7/7): Ian won immunity for tonight. That darn gun, man, that is my Achilles heel. It’s very fortunate I became a fireman rather than a cop, because it would just be dangerous for everybody. We’ve got a plan in place. Ian and I are gonna pretend that there’s nothing going on, everything is fine. But the three of us -- myself, Ian and Caryn -- will vote for Gregg tonight, the other three will vote for Caryn, and then we’ll go to a draw and be forced to pick a stone. But it won’t be Ian who has to choose-- he won immunity. It’ll be me. So I’m very vulnerable, but it’s better to play it hard and go home tonight than to sit around here and just wait to be eliminated by their threesome.
26. Gregg (6/6): I was a little nervous stepping away from the game for a while, so it was comforting to come back and get no mysterious looks or no… people trying to connive. So, I can say with a lot of confidence that Caryn will be going home tonight.
27. Ian (5/6): Caryn is winning an Academy Award right now. She is lying in the hut, down and sour, like she thinks she’s going home. Perfect. Just the way we told her to. So, this should be a total surprise tonight.
28. Ian (6/6): There’s only two people in this game that I’ve made promises to; Tom’s one, Katie’s the other-- I told Katie I wouldn’t write her name down, and I told her brother-in-law I had her back, and that means a lot to me, so… I’m gonna stay true to that.
29. Katie (4/5): Ian pulled me aside, like, right before we went to Tribal Council with the idea of taking out Gregg. I had-- had some issues with it. I’m like, you know, “It’s really unfair for you just to come in and say, this is what we’re doing, this is what the plan is.”
30. Katie (5/5): The reason Ian wants me with him in the end is so he’ll win. Tom wants the same thing. When it comes down to it, I’m gonna have to make a decision so I can have a better chance of winning. I’m here to win a million dollars just like anyone else.
1. Jenn (1/2): Gregg turns out to be voted out. I had no idea. I was completely blown away. He’s definitely been a big part of my existence out here and keeping me comforted and all that, especially at nighttime, so… (voice breaks) really shocking.
2. Ian (1/5): Jenn’s a smooth operator, man. She’s, uh… she handled it surprisingly well. I know she’s fuming on the inside. You kind of have to step back and-and take a look at it and see, “Okay, what’s really going on here?” Jenn’s playing the game to win, so, she’s smooth, and, uh… right now Caryn has some loyalty to Tom, Katie has some loyalty to me. The only thing I’m worried about right now is the three girls turning on Tom and I. If we can avoid that in the next 24 hours, uh, we’re money.
3. Caryn (1/4): Tom just told me his strategy, that he wants Katie and Jenn out of the picture and the final three to be himself, Ian and me, so I don’t know if I’m being played. Uh, I’m just not sure right now. He seems believable, but, um… I don’t know, I don’t know, uh, really know what he’s thinking. This could be, you know, just part of the planning and the plotting in the last 6 days. Let’s put it this way: I’m guardedly optimistic about my chance to make it to the final three.
4. Tom (1/5): There’s a possibility that after this Reward Challenge, Ian and I, we’re gonna get separated. If one of us gets to choose one other person, we can’t choose each other on this one. We’ve got to take one of the girls out of the mix, so that they’re not going to, uh, be able to throw it to each other.
5. Ian (2/5): Tom likes Caryn ‘cause he can depend on her vote in a final three situation. I like Katie for the same reason. Our-our views conflict, but it’s just a matter of who’s gonna be the better salesman, and it’s an interesting discussion that’s going on, ‘cause we’re getting down to the wire, and you don’t have very many choices left. I thought it was gonna be easy getting to the final four, and now I know that it’s not. I feel like I’m on the edge of a cliff, and I just hope I remember to strap my parachute on.
6. Ian (3/5): I’ve never had a car before. I’ve never had the money. So a Corvette, it’s pretty fantastic. It was a really neat reward. A night at a mansion with the best view in Palau, and all the food you can eat. It was gorgeous.
7. Tom (2/5): We need to get back to our original alliance of Tom, Ian and Katie. I’m hoping that Ian can bring Katie around, because it really is our only play.
8. Katie (1/2): Ian kept telling me, you know, “I’ll take you if I win. I’ll take you if I win.” And I was like, “Okay, I’ll totally take you if I win.” It’s a great deal to be made. He won, and he picked Tom. And so it meant my biggest, closest ally out here… is gone, and that really bums me out.
9. Jenn (2/2): Katie just cleaned house. She told everything, and I have not known any of this information. And so, yeah, I’m a little wary of Katie ‘cause I think she’s been playing a real, uh, tough game that I had no idea about.
10. Caryn (2/4): I’ve told Jenn and Katie that I am going with them. This is the women’s opportunity to take the game. But I have to really think who do I have a better shot with, the women taking out the guys or the guys who are promising me I’m going with them? And… I don’t know.
11. Tom (3/5): Caryn had two options: go with the girls, or go with us and trust the guys. And Ian just wavers and said, “Well, I can’t promise and I can’t do this,” and I just said, “Oh, my God.” He better be really tight with Katie.
12. Ian (4/5): It was like some horrible, horrible nightmare. It was like a bomb had exploded.
13. Caryn (3/4): I think immunity is key for Tom and Ian, and they know it. And I think they’re desperate and I think they’re just freaking out. You know, the women are tired of the guys pulling the strings the entire game, and now we’re taking control.
14. Tom (4/5): At this point now, it-- it’s, uh, scrambling. You know, save your own neck, and, uh, you can take that alliance so far, and then everybody looks out for their own better interests and it’s usually that weakest person in the alliance who’s gonna flop to the other majority. Katie’s the weaker member, and she’s looking to better-deal us now. I don’t hold it against her for doing it, but that is the reality of this game.
15. Katie (2/2): This morning I’ve been bombarded by Tom trying to bully me, and now, once again, I won’t get his vote if I take him out. And, um, my only chance to get down to the final two is for me to with him and Ian. Tom sucks today, he’s being mean. He’s, like, threatening, and it’s, like, cold, and I don’t like it.
16. Ian (5/5): Attaching myself with Tom right now, I’m becoming a bigger target, ‘cause Tom’s changed his method. Um, he’s getting really worried and he’s strong-arming people. If I had my wits about me, I’d take Caryn out, but if I had my brain about me, I might need to take Tom out tonight. Like I said, the game’s changed from game domination to self-preservation, so… it’s Survivor, not, uh, not Parcheesi.
17. Tom (5/5): I said this morning that immunity was about as important as it’s ever going to be for me today, and, uh, I pulled another one out of the hat. Just, uh, got lucky. There may still be a female alliance, and they may be taking out Ian tonight, and, uh, if he’s gone -- um, and I’ve done everything I can to keep him here -- then it’s an alliance of three against me, and any immunity I don’t win, I’m gone.
18. Caryn (4/4): After tonight, it’s a one-in-four chance of winning a million dollars, and people are going to be very scheming and conniving to get it. I am fearing what Katie will do because Katie’s holding the cards right now. Katie can decide to send Ian home, or she can send Jenn and I home. I don’t know, I hope that she’s being genuine. If not… Jenn and I have made a mistake.
1. Katie (1/5): Caryn did me a huge favor last night by going off and throwing all this stuff out there. I mean, Ian and I had already-- everything was resolved, but I wanted it to get out there that Ian really betrayed me.
2. Ian (1/6): At Tribal last night, I got a lot of heat. My stock in the jury has gone down, but going into the final four, I don’t think you want to be necessarily the person with the highest stock with the jury, because right now, I’m not the biggest target-- uh, Tom is. So I feel real good.
3. Ian (2/6): It sounded like somebody had all of a sudden been massacred in the forest. We see a cooler with a heavenly light shining on it… Ahh like… and there’s breakfast in it.
4. Tom (1/9): There have been no gimmes in this game -- you fight for what you get -- so to just get something today for nothing, just for making final four, it was just a, uh… like an “attaboy.” That’s what we call it in the firehouse. You know, you got an attaboy.
5. Katie (2/5): We were able to eat and laugh and drink and just enjoy each other, even though we’re just about to slit each other’s throats, because it’s going to be someone’s last night here on Rat Island.
6. Jenn (1/1): Tom has dominated. It’s time for him to go. If Ian or Katie or I win immunity, he’s gone.
7. Ian (3/6): I have a big responsibility today at this Immunity Challenge to beat the crap out of Tom. This is the, uh… the moment that I’ve been waiting for the entire game. So I win the challenge, Tom goes home. I don’t win the challenge, Tom’s all of a sudden my best friend again.
8. Ian (4/6): I went over and over it again and again in my head, to send Tom home if I were to win or send Jenn home, and as it turned out, I didn’t win. So it’s gonna be Jenn that goes home tonight.
9. Tom (2/9): You know, it’s a treacherous game and you tell lies, or whatever you got to do to get ahead.
10. Tom (3/9): You know when the other guy is gonna stand by you, and he should know that you’ll stand by him. I’m taking a risk, but that’s my move.
11. Tom (4/9): I thought that it was an easy choice, and he told me, “Wow, I was glad I didn’t have to make it, that would’ve been a tough one,” and I thought we were rock solid, and when he said that, I was like, “Well, maybe he wouldn’t have chosen me.” Makes me think. Makes me think.
12. Tom (5/9): We came back to camp, and-and I’m thinking, “Wow, I just cast a vote against Ian and tried to get rid of him.” He’s still here. And then you’re saying to yourself, “I am right, aren’t I?” I mean, he did just try to submarine me. You know, it’s a personal grudge now.
13. Ian (5/6): (sobbing) Last night was probably one of the worst nights of my life. Like, it shouldn’t be like this. (sniffles) I basically got laid out. I mean, just totally laid out. All my game that I’ve been playing the entire time was, was put to the fire, and, uh, nobody else could do any wrong. There was no other person that ever told (sniffles) any fib or any lie.
14. Ian (6/6): (tearfully) It just, it stabs me. Like, I didn’t come out here to play the villain. I didn’t come out here to, like, be this, like, be the… the backstabber, especially to those two. Like… (sniffles) sure, you play the game for yourself. Like, you play the game for a million dollars. You play the game. I came out here to win a million bucks, and I would lie to anybody if I wasn’t telling them that I wasn’t playing the game for myself. But the bottom line is, I wanted Katie and Tom in the final three, and we got here. Am I wrong? Is there something that I’m really doing wrong here? Or, you know, am I just playing the game, just like everybody else? Right now, I’m gonna fight. I’m going to stand out there and I’m going-- I’m going to take him to the mat because I’m not afraid. I’m going to go to the final two.
15. Tom (6/9): Today is one of the, uh, the sweet moments of this game as you go to your final battle and acknowledge everybody who played with you, against you, sometimes for you, and, uh, give them a burial at sea.
16. Katie (3/5): I woke up this morning and I was like, “Oh, my God! This is it, this is our last day. Wait, it’s just Tom and I. Wait, I made it to the final two.”
17. Tom (7/9): Katie is so likable, and she’s such a character, that, you know, you just don’t know if people just say, “You know what? I’ve had enough of Tom and his Immunity Necklace. I’m going to give it to the one who was able to make it there just by riding with Tom.” To be here today as one of the final two is almost disconnecting. I’m, you know, really having trouble, um… processing it. It’s-it’s like, uh, I’m kind of numb to the whole thing right now. Final Tribal Council is tonight. We won’t be back to this beach. This is our last day here. And, uh, you know, it’s bittersweet. It’s-it’s… it’s been tough here, but it’s been the experience of a lifetime and, uh… I think we’re going to take this place apart with a little lump in our throat.
18. Tom (8/9): We’re going to get a good bonfire going, and, uh, it’ll be a celebratory bonfire, and the picnic table won’t be used by any other tribe, or family gathering. That’s, uh… it fed this tribe, this family, and, uh… it’s a great day to be here.
19. Katie (4/5): I played this game in a different way that-- than Tom, but just as hard. There’s this scary beast in there-- inside Tom. He’s threatening, he’s intimidating. I, once again, will be candid, and-and let that jury know, you know, what Tom has been up to, and-and what kind of steps that he took to keep himself in the game.
20. Katie (5/5): I’m really proud of myself for getting through this, and I hope people can appreciate the game for what it is. I hope I get some credit for the way that I played this game, and the-the choices that I’ve made.
21. Tom (9/9): The jury tonight, um, no treachery or half-truths or-or sugarcoating things. Uh, whatever I did got me to where I am right now and, uh, so be it. Now it’s in their hands, not mine.
