1. Mia (1/3): Jeff gave us an overview, saying how the customs of Vanuatu are not like we're used to, so I was-- I was really nervous after he was talking to us. I'm like, "What are they going to do?"
2. Travis (1/3): Jeff informed us that we're going to climb down the side of the boat and we're going to get in these canoes. I thought, “Man, that's great,” because I didn't learn how to swim until six weeks before I come here. I would've been spooked if I knew I had to swim. We get into the boat, and it tips over, so I'm trying to hold on to the rope to keep me up. It's killing my back, but I wasn't about to move again. (laughs) I was going to stay right where I was at. We finally got another boat over there.
3. Leann (1/3): When the natives took us into the middle of the ring where everybody circled around us, it was really overwhelming for me, and I don't know if it was just the anticipation of getting started or the whole thing, but I was… really, I was moved to tears.
4. John P (1/3): There was a bunch of tribesmen running with spears! My first reaction was, you know, "What's going on?" We were like, "Wha-what-- Are we supposed to defend ourselves? What are we supposed to do?!"
5. Rory (1/3): They're jabbing spears at absolutely everybody, except me. Nobody jabbed a spear at me in any way, shape, or form, which I took as, you know, a black man coming on the island is not particularly unwelcome.
6. Eliza (1/6): These guys in their big, cone-shaped jungle dresses, they have these big sticks, and they start, you know, pulling people out with the sticks, but kind of like, you know, whacking 'em out. Soon enough, I noticed that they were bringing the women to one side. We look over, and the guys, you know, like, we're, like, kneeling on a mat, and they all have, like, little, like, stump seats to sit on. And they're, like, right in the center of the action, and we're kind of off to the side, and so I immediately start thinking, "What's with this? I thought we were all supposed to be part of this ceremony."
7. Lea (1/4): They brought a bowl out, and they uncovered the palm leaves off of it, and they were pointing at it. Well, I thought maybe I was supposed to wash my fingers or something, you know? Uh, that we were getting ready to eat something or that we could wash my fingers, 'cause it was some rustic looking stuff.
8. Rory (2/3): Chief Mormor offers each one of us this kava, which is the local drink. It's like mud, basically. You drink it, your lips go numb, and your tongue goes numb, and your throat goes numb.
9. John P (2/3): The chief is welcoming us, and I look over at the girls, and they're not getting anything to drink. And I'm thinking, "Wow, this is pretty cool, you know? Special treatment for the guys."
10. Ami (1/1): I was waiting for our turn. (chuckles) I was like, "Well, okay, well, when do we get kava?" But it never came around. We're not getting the full deal here. I'm not used to being put second behind a man.
11. Lisa (1/1): Apparently, the Vanuatu people really honor pigs. Pigs are… I think, sometimes better than women. (chuckles) Anyway… So, they come in with this pig. Right away, I thought, "Okay, we're having a pig roast," you know? But I thought the pig was dead. And then I realized the pig was alive.
12. Eliza (2/6): I eat meat, and I know that animals are slaughtered, but, like, seeing it was just like… (gasps) Like, I-I literally think I gasped out loud, because it was just so shocking to watch.
13. Dolly (1/1): That kind of stuff doesn't bother me, because I'm a shepherdess, and that's what I do. I-I raise lambs for that exact purpose: to slaughter, so I totally understand that ritual.
14. Lea (2/4): The head chief took the blood of his sacrifice and went to each male member of Survivor-- no, no females-- and said, "You are now a-a, you know, a warrior in Vanuatu." And basically, I felt what he was doing was he was saying, "Welcome."
15. Travis (2/3): Ever who possesses that stone, the spirits are supposed to be in favor. Even though that's not my beliefs, I still wanted that stone, just so the girls wouldn't get it.
16. Lea (3/4): We were all going, "I don't want to be the one that falls flat on my face in front of everybody." The chief turned around, and he pointed in my direction. I was like, "Oh, my God. No, not me." And I went like this (moves to side) out of the way. I said, "Yeah, him?"
17. Brady (1/4): I was just praying to God he was going to pick somebody else, but he picked me. As soon as he did, I figured the only way I'd even have any chance is to do it kind of like the other guy did it. And I got a little dirt on my feet, in my hands and I just hung on for dear life.
18. Mia (2/3): The girls were praying that the boys were not going to do it. So I was like, "Please fall." We want to see some of them fall at least.
19. Travis (3/3): As soon as he got that rock, it started raining like pouring pee out of a boot on a flat rock. It was definitely spooky. But I didn't care. We got the rock.
20. Chris (1/4): Men against women, it's perfect. I can outsmart eight men a hell of a lot quicker than I can outsmart eight women. Women stick together. They're thick as thieves. Men are deceiving, mischievous, untrusting human beings. Men, I can manipulate.
21. Twila (1/2): When I found out we were splitting the men and the women, I looked around at them little girls, and I thought, "Oh, Lord, what did you get me into?" (laughs) We had a couple of ol' prissy ones. They probably hadn't even been dirty in their entire days, and they ain't got a clue what's in store for the next God knows how many days.
22. Mia (3/3): I think the boys got a lot more out of that ceremony than we did. I think we definitely got a bum deal. So we're out, we're out for blood now.
23. Scout (1/4): I just wanted to hunker down till daylight came so we could, you know, find our camp easier and everybody would be safe. I wasn't tired. I haven't said anything to anybody here, but I-- I'm schlepping around an artificial knee. So I'm pretty cautious crawling across lava rock that deep at night with it raining.
24. Eliza (3/6): Ami and Dolly and Scout didn't want to come along. They almost insisted on just stopping where we were and, you know, sleeping.
25. Leann (2/3): It got to a point where we couldn't make a decision whether we should continue or go back or if we missed the flag or… We were really kind of afraid that we missed camp (chuckles) altogether, 'cause it's dark out.
26. Eliza (4/6): I didn't want to be too pushy because I didn't want to be, like, the odd person out. Luckily, you know, other people agreed with me that, um, we should continue.
27. Brook (1/4): Rory, I don't think he's gonna fit in. There's one in every bunch, you know what I mean? To-to see, like, Rory already (chuckles) barking out orders, what is he thinking?
28. Rory (3/3): I don't think there was any independent thought. I think that we could've covered more ground if we weren't all walking in a big pack of nine guys all at once. Some of the younger guys that… that are-- that are here, none of them want to listen. They're all young.
29. Eliza (5/6): We see the flag, and, you know, all the troubles, all the conflicts, like, dissolved. We're all hugging and thrilled to death that we're here.
30. Scout (2/4): Boy, we've got a really sturdy rack for a shelter. It's been a group effort. I've stayed with it, and Twila has stayed with it, and, uh, Leann stayed with it. But some of the gals are down there on the beach basking in the sun, chitchatting.
31. Scout (3/4): I call all these sorority girls bowheads, and that's what we call them back in Oklahoma. They all like to hang together. They're like cattle. I mean, really, cows, they just cluster. And those sorority chicks, they aren't paying attention to any damn thing but themselves. You know, they're their favorite topic.
32. Scout (4/4): Eliza, she talks nonstop. She's probably at the top of my list, just to get her mouth out of my face. I'm telling you.
33. Eliza (6/6): Twila has been working on the shelter constantly. I feel like her continuous work has made those of us who have taken reasonable breaks look bad in her mind to think that, oh, they're not pulling their weight.
34. Twila (2/2): We had too much chattering and not enough moving. Mouths are working but the hands ain't. The hut still is not done. There is a couple of them that didn't do nothing but bitch, moan and complain last night. We was all cold. You know, get off your ass, get the (expletive censor) done, and don't bitch about it tonight when you're freezing your butt off.
35. Brook (2/4): We know where our water source is. It's just a little creek with some fresh water. It looks really clean, but it's still going to have to be boiled, and… I guess our problem right now is we just gotta get-- get a fire going.
36. Chris (2/4): J.P. wants to prove himself bad. He's about thirty years old, and he's feeling like, you know, I'm buff, I'm bad, I'm young, I'm all, you know, go to the end of this. He don't have a clue. He's got the frame, but he ain't got the brain.
37. John P (3/3): We actually had a hot ember, which was very pink. I think we were all excited to see a hot ember, but none of us knew what to do with it. We were just kind of like, "Yeah, we've got ember!"
38. Chad (1/2): We were so close to getting fire going that I thought we were gonna be able to boil water. (clicks tongue) Didn't work.
39. Chad (2/2): After doing things that are physically demanding, I felt like it was the right time to-to reveal the fact that-that I have no foot, that it's a-- that it’s a prosthesis. They were pretty surprised.
40. John K (1/1): I had absolutely no idea that Chad had no leg. I mean, he had-- he was wearing pants the whole day, so he just goes, "Hey, guys, look." And then he unzippered his pants, and there was no leg. It was-- it was pretty shocking.
41. Brady (2/4): Great! The guy with the mechanical leg's gonna win for sure-- he's nice, he's smart, he's quiet, and he, you know, he's got the underdog thing going on, so we're screwed.
42. Brook (3/4): I'm amazed-- all the power to him. I totally think that's inspirational, but if I have to vote his ass out of here tomorrow, I'm still gonna vote his ass out of here tomorrow.
43. Julie (1/1): They got Tree Mail, and, um, we're all psyched up, 'cause, supposedly, we're gonna get some fire.
44. Leann (3/3): Obviously, most people think that girls are weaker, and women aren't cut out for this kind of thing, so I think it's really important that we win this challenge. We're gonna go and kick some butt.
45. Brady (3/4): Losing fire (chuckles) right now was tough. Losing to women was tough. Chris couldn't get across the balance beam. The fact is, he didn't make it, and we lost.
46. Chris (3/4): I really wanted to make it across the beam. And, you know, if I had wings, I'd have made it, you know? I would have made myself go across the beam. But this game, you outwit, outplay, outlast people. You don't out-balance ‘em.
47. Lea (4/4): J. P., Brady, John and Brook, they basically said, "Sarge, we need to get rid of the weakest link." I mean, it's tricky to decide who I'm going to vote for. I said I'm going to think about it. They said the weakest link. They're assuming that I agree that the weakest link is Chris.
48. Chris (4/4): I prepared to come here, mentally, and I prepared to play the game. I'm not vulnerable at all. We've got a plan.
49. Brook (4/4): Personally, I think there's a lot of young guys on the team, guys who are going to be targets. I feel like I am one of the-the stronger, younger guys who-- who's going to be a target.
50. Brady (4/4): Well, obviously I haven't fully made up my mind on who I'm going to vote for yet tonight. I'm thinking about Chris right now, but Rory, he's kind of on his own sheet of music a lot of the time. I think maybe some people feel like Rory is maybe not putting out as much group effort as some of the other guys, and the group right now is where it's all at.
1. Travis (1/2): Last night was freezing cold. You know, the standing joke this morning was, "Well, how was your sleep this morning?" My answer was, "I slept like a baby. Woke up every three or four minutes and cried." (chuckles) It's not good. We need fire for heat and just for food, 'cause we're getting so drained. I want to eat something cooked so bad.
2. Chris (1/1): It's been pretty tough, a lot tougher than I thought it would be. Nothing positive's really happened for us. We need something to boost our morale.
3. Travis (2/2): You know, we're working ourselves to death, and, uh… that was a real downer. We know exactly that if we don't get water soon, we're going to be hurting. These girls are going to kick our tail.
4. Mia (1/1): Day 4. It's going rough. It's just been unreal-- the circumstances and our living conditions. And it's about a thousand times harder than I thought this was going to be.
5. Eliza (1/2): It's just horrendous. The beach is uncomfortable, the water's uncomfortable. It's freezing at night, everything is damp. Like, you always feel wet and cold. I mean, it's beautiful, like, looking at it, but, like, to live here, it's just so miserable. I think someone was saying last night that being here is like being in prison, because we do not have nearly enough food, and then we have these unripe, disgusting plantains that, when you cook 'em, just taste like burnt mush.
6. Dolly (1/5): Just not eating and not sleeping at night, and the-the maggots. And it's just all sinking in. (voice breaking) It's… it's rough.
7. Dolly (2/5): But I'm having fun. I'm not-- I'm not complaining at all. I'm so happy to be here. (sniffles) I just am hungry and tired.
8. Twila (1/2): I don't know. These young ones, I don't know if they thought this was a joke. I don't know what they was thinking. If it comes down to eating maggots, I'm going to eat maggots. To me, if there was, they were cooked. They're good, protein. Eat 'em, shut up. Sorority girls, like… like Scout calls 'em… they're not mature enough. They're not physically strong enough. Just, they just wear me out. They just don't understand the game, I guess. If they want to be pampered, they need to go back to the Holiday Inn.
9. John P (1/1): Tribal Council last night was very intense, and it was an eye-opener. As of right now, it's myself, John and Brady. We're kind of like the physical, young, vibrant guys in the tribe. And then you got the older crowd: the Sarge, Chad, Rory, Travis and Chris. Those are five guys. Right now, it's five against three. Those aren't good odds.
10. Leann (1/1): I'm just happy that we have water, and we had blankets last night, and the guys are suffering, big-time. And I don't want-- I wouldn't want to be in their shoes, 'cause I know what it was like in the first couple days, and that sucks, big-time.
11. Ami (1/1): The good news about being a tribe of all women is that we care about each other, we want each other to succeed. We haven't had to-to start voting people off yet. And I think we can win the next challenge. But I definitely see groups forming. The two groups that were formed, I think, are, like, the older generation and then the younger generation. That diversity in age has really separated everybody. The younger group would be, um, Mia, Julie and Dolly, Eliza and Lisa, which I think she likes being in the younger group. And then the older group's been more like Scout and, um, Twila, and I think Leann's more in the older group. I think I gravitate more towards the older group, just because they're really willing to work, but this is a game of non-trust. I view, the first day coming in, do not trust anyone. Don't trust anybody.
12. Dolly (3/5): Twila is just wanting to know that she is part of a majority group. That she's, uh, she's not on the chopping block. I think Twila knew that the five younger girls-- and we had said that if we had gone to Tribal Council, the first, uh, challenge that we would have voted for her.
13. Twila (2/2): If it comes down to alliance-wise and stuff, it's Ami, and me, and Scout, and Leann. The only one we have to worry about is, uh, Dolly. Dolly's going to be the… she's the pivot person in the middle. I think she's in, but you never know.
14. Rory (1/2): The spirit stone is, of course, the, uh, idol that we won on our first welcome to the island, and it's supposed to bring good luck to the bearer. But, quite frankly, it has not worked for us. We haven't won immunity yet.
15. Chad (1/1): The stone is important for us. It started off, uh, as a stone at the ceremony. We just brought it with us to set up our camp, but then we started sort of neglecting it, and things weren't going our way, so, um, we started to give it a bit more respect.
16. Rory (2/2): I don't know if it's just sick timing, but the day has been clear all day, and then, all of a sudden, they put the spirit stone back on the pole, and it starts raining again. There's magic on Vanuatu. That's-- there's magic on this island.
17. Julie (1/1): Originally, we had Dolly secure, but I think being as sweet as Dolly is, you know, she, uh, you know, kind of switched back and felt guilty. I don't think she's looking out for her best interests. I think she's looking out for everybody's interests, and it's just not possible in this game.
18. Dolly (4/5): Yeah, my head is completely spinning, and I'm, uh, I'm afraid, um, at this point, because I don't want to… I don't want to make the wrong choice.
19. Dolly (5/5): You know, it's-- I'm already-- I've got myself in a jam. It's a cluster… cluster you-know-what. (chuckles)
20. Scout (1/1): Dolly told me that she was definitely going to vote for Leann. I nearly dropped my teeth. That just… (slaps herself and makes explosion sound) What?!
21. Eliza (2/2): I don't know what to base my vote on. I don't know whether I should vote for Leann, stick with my original alliance, and, you know, hope that they carry me through, or I should vote off the person who makes me really nervous, who I don't completely trust. Out of all of those five girls in that alliance that we have, I trust Dolly the least. I think that there is a possibility that she could vote me off, that she would turn on me. I-I just don't want the other four girls in that alliance to feel blindsided. But then again, if I bring it up to them and I tell them, "Look, I'm thinking of voting out Dolly,” they're going to say, "We better just vote you out." So I don't know what the heck to do.
1. Eliza (1/3): Dolly was totally blindsided at Tribal Council tonight. She thought she was the one who was the swing vote and she would be the one deciding who went home tonight, and, you know, that's not how the chips fell, so… I think Mia, and Julie, and Lisa are a little upset with me right now, but I did what I had to do to make sure I was staying in this game.
2. Mia (1/4): We thought Eliza was strong with us, but I guess she conspired with the other girls and decided to vote off Dolly without telling us. So, now we don't trust Eliza. So Lisa and Julie are the only girls I trust right now. And I guess we'll have to talk to Eliza tomorrow and see where her head was at on this, but we're all very shocked right now.
3. Lea (1/2): When it comes to Rory, the thing that really gets under my skin is he doesn't do a lot of, you know, physical work. He's not a team player. He's an individualist. But in a team, you can't be your own man all the time. It has to be about the team.
4. Rory (1/1): Sarge wants to dictate when people take a crap, when people take a bath. I'm a grown ass man and I don't take orders real well.
5. John P (1/3): Rory's been very opinionated and he's been isolating himself from the group. Sarge is key in decision-making for the five guys. I'm hoping he'll say, "Hey, maybe we should take J.P. because we're having too much conflict with-with one of the guys in the main alliance."
6. Mia (2/4): Twila and I were fighting about the fact that she threw us all under the bus last night, the "younguns" in the group, about being lazy. We've all pulled our weight around here and I'm going to call her out as much as possible, because I can't stand Twila. I want her out.
7. Twila (1/2): Mia's mad because she knows I was right. Get off your ass and do something. Quit sitting on the beach and going swimming when everybody else is working.
8. Twila (2/2): I'm not going to sit there and argue with her ‘cause she's mad, but I ain't taking her crap, I'll tell you that. I'll whip the little scrawny bitch's ass ‘cause I don't care. I ain't in here to make no friends.
9. Eliza (2/3): Julie and I went to get Tree Mail and, um, Julie was like, "Eliza, are you still with us?" And I was like, "I did what I needed to do because, you know, I didn't trust Dolly and I thought that she was going to vote for me." Mia and Lisa walk up to meet Julie and I, who are coming back from getting Tree Mail. I was like, "I'm with you guys 100%."
10. Lisa (1/1): Well, I'm not so sure that Eliza is in with us. And even then, I don't know if I trust her, you know? But, um… I've got a backup plan, so we'll see what happens.
11. Leann (1/1): We went to Tribal Council last night and we have Tree Mail talking about immunity. And that bites because yesterday sucked big time and I don't want to go through it again two days in a row.
12. John K (1/4): Because I won the Immunity Challenge, I can't get voted off tonight. But, strangely, there was a little twist and I got a chance to meet the women, see their camp, and then pick one that can have the necklace for their Tribal Council. So who knows what's going to happen tonight with both tribes voting people off? It could really change the dynamics of both groups, big time.
13. Mia (3/4): When we hit the beach, John immediately made us dance, like, "Girls who voted for Dolly over here, and girls who voted for Leann over here," which made no sense-- what does it matter? I thought it was completely ridiculous.
14. Eliza (3/3): I didn't want John thinking that this was some five-person alliance, because that's definitely not what it was. I felt like I needed to explain to him that it was because my head was on the chopping block.
15. John K (2/4): Eliza just didn't stop talking. She just kept talking and talking and talking. I mean, she seems really sweet. I'm sure she's really nice, but the bottom line is, "Oh, my God, would you please stop talking?"
16. John K (3/4): The girls told me not to give the Immunity Necklace to Eliza and Twila, but, uh, I could care less who gets voted off of this tribe. I just want them to not be mad at me for whoever gets voted off, because I might merge with them and it would be nice to have them on my side later on.
17. John K (4/4): I don't know what's going on with them, I just know that they’re not too happy with each other. To see some conflict like that, it's going to be fun to pick a girl to… to not get voted off.
18. Mia (4/4): Eliza seems to be teetering a little bit, but tonight at Tribal Council, I'm almost positive that it's going to be a tie. I mean, me and Twila had one of our famous fights this morning, so I think that me, and Julie, and Lisa, and Eliza are going to be voting for Twila, and I'm pretty sure that Leann, and Ami, and Twila, and Scout will be voting for me tonight. But, there's still individual immunity to be given out, too, so I don't know what's going to happen.
19. John P (2/3): We won the Reward Challenge. It was a great feeling. And then, after that, we ran into the Immunity Challenge. Out of most of the other guys, I needed it the most, so I think that I'm going to be quite vulnerable tonight. I actually like to use the term "dead man walking." Brady's in the same boat. We're the youngest guys there. We're the strongest there. And right now, it's five against three.
20. John P (3/3): We've got to plant the seed in Sarge's head, saying, "Sarge, ally with us or think about getting rid of Rory," because the Sarge and Rory over the last few days have been having some conflict.
21. Lea (2/2): I hate Tribal Council. I hate building a team of men or Survivors, building them up to a fine-tuned team and then tearing them down. That's not me. But I'm playing this game, and during this game I have to do that.
1. Eliza (1/5): The vote at Tribal Council shocked the hell out of me. Lisa was supposedly in an alliance with me, Julie and Mia, so when she voted against Mia, that totally blindsided me and I was, like, "That bitch!" The night before, I had voted for Dolly behind Lisa's back, and then I apologized, apologized, apologized. Finally, she forgave me, and then she did the exact same thing.
2. Lisa (1/2): I wasn't surprised about Eliza or Julie getting mad at me, but I voted for who I felt like I needed to vote for last night, so let them get mad. I would much rather be in an alliance with the older group.
3. Eliza (2/5): I'm furious. I do not trust Lisa, not one bit. I'm going to be civil to her and pretend to be unified because that's what everybody wants, but if she were gone tomorrow, I would be thrilled. She repulses me now.
4. Rory (1/6): I took three votes last night in Tribal Council, and yet, that doesn't really bother me a whole lot. The fact of the matter is, I got an agreement with Chad, Travis, Sarge and Chris. That's already a numbers game that works for me.
5. John K (1/2): I can't stand the way that this tribe ended up. The good young guys that have great personalities and are good athletes are all gone. Why are we letting fat dudes run the show? This doesn't make any sense to me.
6. John K (2/2): I don't know why they think their plan will work. None of them are very athletic, and the bottom line is, a lot of these challenges are physical, so we'll see what happens.
7. Brady (1/6): The Fab Five, long as they got their five, which they've had since Day 1, and there's not much left up in the air. The only thing I can physically do myself, I think, is-is the fishing. If I can endear myself enough with the fishing, that may change one or two people's minds.
8. Brady (2/6): I got Little Fish and its brother, Littler. Seems like the only fish dumb enough to get hit by the, uh, the spear are the small ones.
9. Travis (1/3): I'm not about to fish here, it just, I wouldn't shoot something that small because, I mean, that wouldn't even fill one person.
10. Brady (3/6): For John and I, it's getting down to the nitty-gritty. Hopefully, we'll figure out a way to shake up the game and change the dynamics of what's going on right now, because something's gotta happen.
11. Twila (1/2): At the challenge today, we won an island expert for twenty-four hours. His name is Dah, and he's supposed to know everything about these islands; how to hunt, fish, cook, shelter, anything we need to know, he's supposed to know it, so we want to learn from him 'cause when he's gone, that's it.
12. Scout (1/3): Dah came up on the beach, we all went to greet him. We were going to stop and introduce ourselves, and no time for that. He came in here with a purpose.
13. Eliza (3/5): Dah, he, like, pulled up a root and he's like, "Have you been eating this?" We're, like, "No," and he chops it, and he's, like, "Here you go." And he just keeps walking, and we were, like, chasing to keep up to him.
14. Leann (1/2): Who knew we had all this food right in our backyard? And here I thought it was all gone. We just didn't know what to eat.
15. Julie (1/2): We've got sugar cane, which is just unbelievable. Everyone-- that's everyone's favorite.
16. Lisa (2/2): Dah seemed to understand us more than we could understand him. He had to kind of use his hands a lot. Eventually, we got it.
17. Julie (2/2): Dah, he's just amazing. We're all just in awe. I mean, just watching, taking in the knowledge that he's giving us and he's cooking us a great dinner. I mean, it's a godsend. It's a blessing, it really is.
18. Ami (1/1): Dah was like just a big breath of fresh air. He really took our focus off each other and focused more on what's going on around us. I definitely feel more confident that I could find food by myself, I could cook it by myself and I think he really boosted team morale that we all have that confidence, and that's huge.
19. Rory (2/6): Today's Reward Challenge would have really been fabulous because every creature comfort we could come up with would've just been just at our fingertips, right there.
20. Chad (1/1): Camp morale at this point is low. Bubba, for one, is not liking this day-to-day plantain thing. He's just not into it, and it's really affecting his mood.
21. Travis (2/3): I'm from the country. Every meal was a celebration. You know, you eat with your family. My biggest concern is how my family is doing. You know, are they missing Dad? You know they are. But my boys are my life. (voice breaks) They are everything.
22. Rory (3/6): It's becoming obvious that Bubba's weakness is definitely his family.
23. Travis (3/3): The thing with Rory is, a lot of times, I think he's really misunderstood. Everybody's got strong personalities here, and Rory is no exception. With Sarge and Rory, it's just an ongoing barrage of bickering. Whether it's just filling the canteens full of water, how much wood to put on the fire, how to cook something, it's a lot of bickering and I'm tired of it. Right now, we just need harmony in the team and, today, that definitely wasn't happening.
24. Scout (2/3): Right now, Dah is making our beds comfortable.
25. Twila (2/2): The man took bamboo and kept chopping and chopping and chopping and then split it open and flattened it out, and all those humpity-bumpity bumps we had in that bed-- they're gone.
26. Scout (3/3): That night, Dah made torches out of dry palmetto, lit ‘em up and we took off down the beach, crab hunting. He was good to do anything that we asked, and I thought it was just extremely gracious of him. There were no crabs. He said the tide needed to be further out, but to find ways that we can learn from each other and speak to each other across cultures, it was touching to have an example of that happening in this exotic place. It was a good day. I think a lot of feelings were healed, and I think our tribe kind of came back together. It was just a very wonderful day for everybody.
27. Eliza (4/5): Having Dah here was absolutely incredible. And I was surprised at how emotionally attached we all got to Dah just within twenty-four hours-- I mean, we all were, like, you know, practically crying when he left.
28. Leann (2/2): This was the best reward we could have won. It was a morale booster. And, oh, my God, it couldn't have come at a better time, because next time, we have to go to challenge, we'll be ready in a big way.
29. Rory (4/6): I have absolutely no idea how to use a Hawaiian sling. I know the concept, but I don't have any aim, any direction. But it's the first day. We'll see how it goes.
30. Brady (4/6): Rory took the spear and just milled around for hours today. I've been trying to figure out a way, for the last few days here, for a little bit of a rift between Sarge and Rory. I think it's doable 'cause I think the Sarge kind of gets put off by him a little bit, too.
31. Brady (5/6): He's never going to put any fish in this fire. It's never gonna happen. I was maybe a little bit sharper with the tongue today. I was trying to just shake things up just a little bit, figure out if there's any room to go one way or the other.
32. Brady (6/6): I planted my seed, I did what I thought I could do. I think our efforts should be on doing better as a tribe and winning. Maybe if we start strengthening our tribe instead of making it weaker, things would improve.
33. Eliza (5/5): We need to win this immunity because Julie and I are the only two people left who voted the opposite way of the majority at the last Tribal Council, so we both feel very vulnerable and feel like this win is essential.
34. Chris (1/2): The challenge today for immunity, was pretty much pandemonium. It was a mess. We didn't even come close.
35. Rory (5/6): It was the worst performance as a team unit that we've had, and I pretty much take that on my shoulders.
36. Lea (1/2): There was a lot of yelling going on. If you looked up, Rory was just sitting there looking with a blank stare like he couldn't figure it out.
37. Rory (6/6): If anybody turned around in our alliance and went against me, it would-- it would be Sarge, and it really scares the hell out of me.
38. Chris (2/2): Within our alliance we-we do have some conflict. Sarge could, at the last second, make a change. Sarge does like to be in control.
39. Lea (2/2): If Brady gets voted out, okay, I'm going to lose a real good work partner. I would keep him here to the end because he's one of the strongest. My background tells me, have the strongest warriors with you when you go to a battle. The pack wants Brady gone, but Rory is a bad seed and you don't need bad seeds in a team when you're fighting for, uh, survival. Hey, we'll see what happens.
1. Travis (1/4): Everybody thinks that there are certain spots around the fire that are better than others, and I don't think that's true.
2. Chad (1/1): Some positions are more desirable than others because the wind comes generally from one direction, and it blows the smoke, and sparks, and ash over one edge of the fire. Bubba just would not give up this prime spot.
3. Travis (2/4): There's a lot of testosterone in the camp. Just the little things getting on people's nerves. I'm kind of getting tired of hanging out with these men. (chuckles) It's so lonely.
4. Rory (1/2): When the two men arrived, immediately I was pretty excited about it. I mean, it's the first visitor we've had, and we've not had a lot of interaction with the Ni-Vanuatu.
5. John K (1/2): The guy came out and started talking to us in some language that I have no idea. The one thing we could kind of pick out is that he wanted us to establish a leader.
6. Lea (1/2): They said, "Hey, Sarge, they're calling for you." They said, “You gotta go with them.” I got ready to go, and I took my long pants off and got my socks off and got ready to go. Then all of a sudden, he hands me a chief staff, and then he puts the chief, uh, emblem around my neck. Then he turns around and gets in his boat, and we're like, "I guess I'm not going with him."
7. Ami (1/5): Scout, she's definitely our chief. She's the oldest, she's the wisest. I think it was obvious for all of us.
8. Leann (1/1): We're not really sure what this is all about, but we had kind of a feeling that the tribes are going to get mixed up in some way, but it could be anything. How do we know? We just have to wait and see. (startled due to earthquake)
9. Lea (2/2): After spending 11 days eating greens and plantains, this tastes like gold. We got our new buffs, our new tribemates. We got rid of some people and now, um, it seems like everybody’s kind of happy.
10. Twila (1/1): I love my other tribe. Am I going to miss ‘em? Oh, hell, yes. But yet, I fit in better with these guys up here. I'm already kicking with these guys where I was never able to kick with the girls. Another guy that works for the Highway Transportation. You know, this is just-- you know, things are clicking.
11. Julie (1/1): I'm all, uh, buzzed up. I mean, not from the beer, (laughs) but just buzzed up from the change and, uh, you know, the evolution here. I'm sure there's underlying things going on, you know? I mean, two women, the rest of the men, so are they going to try to pick us off? I don't know. So, I mean, me and Twila are trying to weasel our way in there pretty tight.
12. John K (2/2): As soon as the tribes started to swap, I was psyched, because I knew that my odds in this game had drastically increased. I was starting to get scared because the guys alliance was really tight, and I wasn't a member of it. But the bottom line is now that-- now that it's broken up, that's all the work that I was trying to do is break it up. I'm just psyched. I mean, our tribe's looking really good. Compared to the other tribe, I think we really have an advantage.
13. Eliza (1/2): We had a tribe swap of sorts today. We lost the Reward Challenge which was disappointing, but, you know, we don't even feel the loss right now because everyone’s kind of excited that there are new faces around.
14. Travis (3/4): I think I'm really going to enjoy, uh, living over here with the ladies, and stuff like that. But being in a tribe with a bunch of women, uh, it does make you nervous, because one wrong move, buddy, and they'll vote you out. Don't think they won't. I guess you could say I'm, uh, sweating like a prostitute in church, I guess you could say. (laughs)
15. Ami (2/5): These guys, right now, seem pretty willing to please, but right now, they're just, like, whatever it takes to-to get it done.
16. Lisa (1/1): We were showing the guys all kinds of stuff and I said, "Oh, I'm going to show them how to crack the coconut." Ami was like, "Why?" I’m like, "Because to show them how to do it. It's cool." "Well, why would you want to do that?" You know, I'm like… "Why not?!"
17. Ami (3/5): I was so happy that Rory and Bubba started lifting stuff and moving stuff and doing stuff. What I got irritated with was I saw, kind of, a little bit of our bond disappear. The girls were so excited to show them everything. I just don't think it's really that important that we show them all of our secrets. But we’re definitely still five women strong. That's not gonna change, at least, on my end it's not gonna change. I'm sticking by the ladies. So, they really need to prove themselves. Otherwise, they're out of here. (chuckles)
18. Rory (2/2): Tribal Council's coming up, and Bubba and I are both-- I mean, it’s-- it's very, very apparent that one of the two of us has gotta go. I feel the women of Yasur are going to vote as a solid block. I feel extremely vulnerable. The only thing I can do is assume the worst and hope for the best, and pray to God that I'm here tomorrow.
19. Ami (4/5): I'm annoyed as hell with Bubba right now. The second that we arrived at our challenge, I see Bubba making signals to Chris. He was communicating completely, and Chris was nodding like, "Yep, that's right. Yep, that's right."
20. Ami (5/5): I don't know exactly how the other girls are voting, but I definitely have my vote. Bubba's not part of the tribe. He's making plans with the other team-- that’s… can you see Michael Jordan whispering over to the other team what their next play is? Hell, no. He is not on our team. He's out. I'm done with him.
21. Travis (4/4): When we got to the Immunity Challenge and I saw my old tribemates, out of a-a desperate chance trying to communicate with Chris, I was trying to mouth "merge" for him to think of the merge. Because if, um, they win all these Immunity Challenges, the women are going to have the advantage during the merge, and they’re going to pick the guys off one by one. But, you know, who knows? I mean, I may have got caught with my hand in the cookie jar.
22. Eliza (2/2): It's definitely dangerous to vote the guys off. These challenges are going to be physical and we are going to need their strength. I don't want to vote off Bubba or Rory. We like them both a lot.
1. Rory (1/7): Bubba and I both knew that it was going to be one or the other of us that was going to be leaving tonight at Tribal Council. The ladies made a mistake in telling me that I would have been eliminated before Bubba was, and so what I'm going to basically do is I'm going to play it up.
2. Rory (2/7): The thing I need to watch is I can't push these ladies too far. I just kind of gotta balance it and push ‘em just far enough to give myself a little bit of an opening. My thing is to come off as the upset, angry brother who is welcomed back into the fold.
3. Scout (1/1): Rory would like to tell everybody off right now, but that would just seal his fate. He's had a fit and fell in it and sitting over there in his pity pot, so, hopefully, he'll wipe his ass, and get off and get over it and, you know, start a new day, and let’s see what we can make of it.
4. Lea (1/5): My new tribe is awesome. It's a blessing to have women around. Not that we need ‘em. I'm not saying that we, eh, it’d be any different, um, one way or another but, I mean, it's good to have ‘em.
5. Chris (1/1): It's interesting having a pretty girl playing the game ‘cause somebody like that can fly underneath the radar and sweet talk their way into the final five and then, you know, boom, next thing you know, they're sitting there waiting to win the money.
6. Julie (1/3): Today's my second morning with the new tribe. Now it's more relaxed, but definitely uncertain. Women are more passive-aggressive than-than men are-- I don’t know-- and, you know, that's all that you would get over at Yasur.
7. Twila (1/4): Julie and I actually talk now. That's more than what I can say we ever did over at the other tribe, ‘cause I never actually talked to her over there. Being the only two women over here, and four men, we're odd out. We're both vulnerable, we know it. You know, they could be blowing smoke up her ass just like they're blowing smoke up my ass. You know, I don't know.
8. Rory (3/7): My speech was so cheesy that I couldn't even believe I was saying it myself. You know? I mean, afterwards, I was sitting there thinking, “Man, there's no way in hell these ladies bought any of that,” but maybe they did, and if I could sway ‘em just a little bit towards favor for me, you gotta do what you gotta do.
9. Twila (2/4): We kicked their ass. We-we kicked their ass, and we done good.
10. Lea (2/5): Oh, right now, I'm on cloud nine. I'm like, it's party time. Steaks that thick. It couldn’t get no better than this. Two weeks without meat and I’m just like… I mean, I'm pumped. I’m really pumped right now. Raise the doggone roof.
11. Leann (1/4): It was a really, really, really a hard challenge to lose. I felt like just going home, washing off and going to bed. It would have been nice to win… the pig challenge. I was a little bothered that Eliza didn’t wanna-- it seemed like she didn't want to get dirty or something. I don’t know. She was the only one to not get a pig, at all. Um… did she even get dirty?
12. Rory (4/7): You know, I'm-- I’m the one that's next on the auction block, uh, to leave the island, but the fact of the matter is Eliza's… she’s killing this team. She's killing our tribe.
13. Lisa (1/2): I'm aggravated, ‘cause I think she's the reason we lost. In fact, I know she is. She's the reason we lost.
14. Rory (5/7): Every woman on this team understands how much damage Eliza did today, and I think, uh, Eliza's reeling right now, and she should be, because this tribe realizes that if they keep her on here, they're signing their own death warrant. And right now, they need somebody strong, and I'm the strongest resource available to ‘em. And the only thing that I’ve hoped for, is for there to be a little fissure, a little tiny crack, in that union of women. I think I just found my little tiny crack.
15. Chad (1/1): You know, I think the coed thing is working really well for our tribe now because I think it's just a morale thing. It was getting a little stagnant there for a while.
16. Julie (2/3): I like flirting. I could flirt all day long. It just comes naturally. It’s just like with me, I don’t know. It’s how I connect with people, I don't know. It's just a natural thing.
17. Lea (3/5): Today Julie was sunbathing her buttocks region. I mean I didn't want to look at it too much, but uh, it looked pretty good. (light chuckle) I mean, I took a quick peek, but I wasn't going to stare at it, but, uh, it looked real good. Uh, I mean, if you got it, sunbathe it.
18. Julie (3/3): If we lose and the guys are desperate, they're going to need to recruit somebody. Twila's my ally, but I think she's aligning with the older guys. You know, I don't know. She's-- she’s up to something. I can sense it.
19. Lea (4/5): I would take Twila as a best friend, for the next twenty years, over any of the women in Yasur. I could pal around with Twila. I’d drink a beer with Twila. I’d go to the races with Twila. I’d also would put a dress on Twila and go out to dinner with her, because she is a lady.
20. Lea (5/5): Chris, Chad, and I, we’re three. Three is a real odd number. Four is always better, and so I went ahead and gave her my word, and I said, "Twila, you’ve got my word as a man, you are in the four to the end, no matter what."
21. Twila (3/4): I don't know. At this point, you know, hell, they’re all lying sacks of (expletive censor) It don’t make any-- you know, you can't trust nobody, but right now, I have to trust somebody.
22. Twila (4/4): Are they telling Julie the same thing they're telling me? I might be the next one to go and they're just playing me as a fool, I don't know.
23. Leann (2/4): Oh, my God, I hate more than anything letting my team down. (sniffles) And I-I really didn't want anybody to go home, either. And it’s-- it was so draining. And that's why I'm an emotional mess. (wipes away tears)
24. Leann (3/4): No, I feel as if… I should go home, because… I screwed up so bad. But, at the same time, I so don’t want to go home.
25. Leann (4/4): And then I feel guilty because, if I don’t go home, someone else is going to go home because of me. There's nothing good about it.
26. Ami (1/2): Lisa said… (scoffs) she wanted to know where the manioc was, just in case I wasn't around. And I just found that quite interesting. Kind of like an "oops", did that really just come out of your mouth? (light chuckle)
27. Ami (2/2): I think Lisa is so sneaky. I don't trust her. I watch. Watching is the best way to figure it out, and I don't really love what I see when I watch her.
28. Lisa (2/2): You know what? I don't need a person I don't know not trusting me. I mean, you know what? It's for me to sit there and act like I'm swearing on the Bible. You know, I'm not doing that anymore either. I refuse to do that again. You know what? I'm not going to swear to my God to please these people who can’t trust me. I'm not going to do it anymore. I’m not going to kiss Ami's butt to stay in this game. I wish her butt was out of here right now, to tell you the truth, because I'm so mad.
29. Rory (6/7): Amazingly enough, my name's not going to come up in Tribal Council today, and I'm just so ecstatic. I could care less who I vote for. All I want is for somebody to leave the island other than me.
30. Rory (7/7): I'm happy as a pig in a poke right now. I’m just… the rat has found a crack, and that crack has become a fissure, and nobody gave me any odds to break this alliance of women, and I have broken it!
1. Chad (1/3): The camp's running really well. I mean, everyone kind of has fallen into some work roles, and, uh, most of us do several things. Everybody's getting water, doing the dishes. There's one person that's not doing his share, and that's John.
2. John K (1/5): I feel fine today. I'm tired and bored. For the most part, there's really not much to do around here, so we just kind of kick back and relax.
3. Chad (2/3): John is an enigma. I wanted to ask him today, "How can you sit there and look around at us while everyone else is working?" It's beyond me, but he just does it, and (chuckles) he's gotten away with it to this point, but now we're starting to make comments.
4. Rory (1/6): When I, uh, wake up in the morning, usually, the first thing that I do is I bow down and I pray, and today, in particular, I got a lot of things to be thankful for, because for some twist in fate, I cracked these ladies, and they carried me through one more night. So this morning, I was particularly thankful. And I might not be able to bounce around laughing and smiling, but I'm just so thankful. Then it's down to business. So my new objective is to work on Leann and Ami and wrap myself into their relationship, ‘cause I'm an alliance of one right now.
5. Rory (2/6): The ladies of Yasur have basically told me that I'm going to be the next one voted out. That's done a job on my head, so I've decided that I will go into self-destruct mode. And one of the things that I've discussed… with my wife before I came out here was I am going to institute a slash-burn-and-salt-the-earth policy. What that means is if I get voted off this island, the Yasur tribe will burn. I can guarantee that.
6. Eliza (1/2): We won the Reward Challenge, and we got the opportunity to go to the Home Café. We're walking up, and I see a big bulletin board with a lot of pictures. I was like, "Oh, my God, guys, look! Pictures. It's-- it’s our family. It’s everything!”
7. Eliza (2/2): We were pointing out family members and dogs. It was a really nice moment for all of us, because getting to share everyone's family members with them and getting to see all their pictures, it just… oh, it just… it touched my heart.
8. Leann (1/1): We really needed to win this. There’s coffee and croissants, and we got letters from home.
9. Scout (1/1): My letter is from Annie, my-my partner. It's just full of Annie. She's such an amazingly beautiful human being.
10. Ami (1/3): Both my mom and dad sent me a letter from home, and what really got me was, my dad said, "Your little buddy is watching you from above.” And that's my little brother.
11. Ami (2/3): My little brother was killed in a car accident, um, seven-- almost seven years ago.
12. Rory (3/6): It's funny, because just this morning, I said, “If my temper gets turned on, I'll burn this whole camp down.” My wife has impeccable timing, because, all of a sudden, that's the one thing that she mentions on the day that I say that is, "Rory, you gotta watch your temper and think about things."
13. Rory (4/6): Even though, uh, the pictures and letters really put a human face on everybody and their families for me, uh, it still is about playing a game. Anybody that knows me knows that I’ve always, always carry an extra ace up my sleeve, and believe me, even though this is a loving moment, and we're bonding and everything else, I ain't forgotten where they put me. But it's a beautiful day in Vanuatu.
14. Twila (1/2): Well, Julie and I both knew we needed to talk, ‘cause we're the two females. We will definitely be odd ones out, because they'll want to get rid of the two females so that they can get down to four-four--  four women, four guys.
15. Twila (2/2): Sarge told me that Chris and I and Sarge and Chad would be the final four. They turned around, and they told Julie the same exact thing.
16. Julie (1/3): I approached Twila, and I kind of threw out a little reverse psychology, and she, indeed, said that they had, you know, promised her final four, and so I said they did me, also, but they hadn't, and so, it completely turned her off to them, and now I have her on my side currently.
17. Julie (2/3): Me and Twila have a rocky relationship, but now, I guess, she's the only one that I'm definitely concrete with, that I have a plan. And I weaseled my way back in because I knew that she was getting sucked in with the guys, so… my plan worked, for right now.
18. Julie (3/3): We just got some Tree Mail, and it’s a sack of marbles and a slingshot. We're a little scared. If we lose, there's always a possibility to go home. That's the downfall, and it's definitely an option, I could be going home tonight.
19. Lea (1/2): Looks like we're going back to the boys’ town, back to the days of knocking out windows and stuff. I mean, there's no question who’s going to win the challenge today-- I mean, Lopevi. Yasur is like a high school team against, you know, an SEC team. Uh, there's no comparison. They're gonna give us a run for our money, but they won't win.
20. John K (2/5): I've been a threat since Day 1. Everyone's already told me that, so, right now, it's strictly a game-based game for me. It’s-- the strategy can wait till later. Right now, it's strictly I need to win the immunities because I do not want to go to Tribal Council.
21. Rory (5/6): I feel so fabulous today. I can only speak for myself, but I am at high rev already this morning. Perhaps, it's the three cups of coffee that I've had this morning already. (laughs) I'm ready to run over there, quite frankly. This challenge is of the utmost importance for me because if we lose Immunity Challenge today, then I will be going home tonight.
22. Rory (6/6): I know one thing for sure, today I rocked Ami. I rocked the hell out of her world today. She could have had me as a tight, tight friend, and she could have eliminated me and knocked me out of the game. And she failed to take advantage of both those opportunities. Now, she's number one on my hit list.
23. Ami (3/3): Rory’s gotten a little cocky with his winnings, as he well should. Otherwise he’d be going home, you know? He’s earned that right. So, I'm really glad that we won, but at the same time, I looked over at Lopevi… right as soon as we won, and I looked at Julie and it hurt. It hurt to know that either Julie or Twila are going home tonight.
24. Lea (2/2): We lost the challenge today, and we're going to Tribal Council. Today was the foundation, the basis of the rest of the game for us, but losing today made us equal to them, five-five. The strategy of the game has changed now. It could go anywhere.
25. Chad (3/3): Trust in this game is huge, and at this stage, it's even bigger because there's more at stake. John, I don't trust, and Julie, I don't believe that she would definitely stay with Lopevi if we merge.
26. Chris (1/1): John has been a target to send home ever since the game started. I mean, he was on the other side with the guys, but Chad's concerned that maybe keeping John around a little bit longer might be the best thing. He doesn't have a whole lot of trust in Julie.
27. John K (3/5): In my tribe, I don't trust anyone. I can't trust anyone, but I have to at least put my faith in one person, and I do with Chris, because I think me and Chris can really do some damage when it comes down to the… to the dwindling of-of both tribes.
28. John K (4/5): I have thought of Chad since Day 1, because he's the type of guy that just gets by every time; not just gets by on the vote, but just gets by without anyone noticing him. And Chad can seriously get some sympathy points, which he’s granted, because he does have one leg, and he's doing amazing, but we can't handle any sympathy points against us, so he's gotta go now.
29. John K (5/5): I take Twila's word, ‘cause she is a rough redneck, and to me, all rough rednecks that I have met are pretty loyal. At this point, everyone could be completely playing everyone, so people are either going to go with what I said, or people are going to vote me off, so I can't stress enough that tonight is the night-- for me, anyways-- to figure out where I stand in this game.
1. Julie (1/2): What happened at Tribal was a wonderful thing… (chuckles) ‘cause I thought I was going home. Temporarily, I’m still here, so I’m psyched.
2. Lea (1/8): We’re sitting around the fire, and Julie just sits down between my legs and-and gets warm, and I was like, “Whoa!”
3. Chad (1/3): I thought it was interesting at first, but no big deal, she’s cold, but then once the fire started blazing, she just stayed there and kind of snuggled in closer, and Sarge was just kind of letting it happen.
4. Twila (1/4): Oh, hell, yes, Julie’s using her sex appeal and her young age and her body to try to get next to them men; there’s no doubt about it. Not much I can do about it. She’s twenty-two years younger than I am.
5. Lea (2/8): You know, Julie’s fine. She’s hot, you know? She’s a model. I mean, I don’t really hang out with too many young, twenty-two year old models, you know? Julie’s like, “You know, you look good. You ought to expose your body some more.” And I said, “What the hell?” Julie is an exhibitionist. I mean, she’s comfortable with it, and I told ‘em I’m comfortable with it, because I’ve been in Europe.
6. Chris (1/6): I just glanced over there, and Sarge has his ass hanging out. Probably is an image that will never leave my memory.
7. Julie (2/2): Seriously, there’s nothing going through my mind of, like, “This is going to keep me solid,” but, hey, if those boys want to keep me around strictly for visual stimulation, well, then, hey, I got it in the bag then, right?
8. Rory (1/4): If Scout and I stopped working, this camp, literally, would stop. Leann and Ami and Eliza should be disgusted with themselves. Their main activity for the day consists of waking up late and then sitting on their asses for the rest of the day, and I’m tired of it. Leann gets up, and she’s a little crabby. She’s got coffee right there, she’s got water boiled and she’s got plantains ready to eat, and she’s crabby.
9. Rory (2/4): What a worthless crew. What a completely worthless crew. Stupid people irritate the living hell out of me. Eliza, she’s like a little kid. I have personally taught Eliza, at least four or five times, how to make a fire. And she’s still struggling with boiling a pot of water. And I think Ami is just taking advantage of everybody. Ami is just riding her little queen role, and I’d really like to knock her ass down a peg, quite frankly. I’m ready to get the hell out of Yasur. I really, really, really want to be around some men. I’m tired of these women. I’m tired of ‘em.
10. Lea (3/8): I wish yesterday's challenge never even happened because, uh, I guess my body just wasn’t ready for some sugar. It made me feel so awful.
11. Twila (2/4): Scout made a few comments last night at the game that… she just kept on and on about me, and I’m going, “Oh, Scout, shut up,” you know, because I need these guys to believe that I’m wholeheartedly on their side, and here she’s going on about how she missed me, and how she said a prayer for me, and she was so glad to see me, and yada, yada, yada, yada, yada. And, hell, yeah, them guys would be stupid if they didn’t read something into that last night.
12. Chad (2/3): This morning, I had a conversation with Chris about this sort of, you know, unity in our pact, and we decided to go one step further.
13. Chris (2/6): I’m pretty much covering all my bases. Covering all my bases means I’ll be good any way it goes. Hey, I threw my hand out. It’s-it’s just me reassuring my position in the game, because, um, basically I have the same agreement with Sarge, and I’ve pretty much made the same agreement with Julie.
14. Chris (3/6): Maybe I’m going places I shouldn’t be going but, if we merge, Julie could go, Sarge could go, Chad could go. I’m always gonna have two others I can rely on to watch my back.
15. Chris (4/6): Lopevi and Yasur, we merged today. We picked the Lopevi camp, kind of mutually, and for the first time since Day 1, I’m putting the game behind me, and I’m gonna just have some fun with these people that I’ve never met.
16. Scout (1/3): I am thrilled. I just missed Twila deep down in places I can’t talk about. It’s just a happy moment, you know? Coming together, reunions are always a happy moment.
17. Eliza (1/3): We come back to Lopevi’s beach, and there was a big celebration feast waiting for us. We had cheese and crackers, and dried fruit, and they had a bunch of leftover chocolate cake!
18. Lea (4/8): This place is off the chain right now. We’ve got wine; there’s an outrigger here. We’ve got two tribes come together and, I mean, everybody’s just so happy. It’s a festival right now, and I’m enjoying it.
19. Rory (3/4): I am just so completely ecstatic to be back among men. I mean, I never thought I would make it out of Yasur.
20. Lea (5/8): We’ve only been together, like, ten minutes and right off the bat, Rory let me know that Bubba got caught by Ami trying to throw a signal back to us, and he got crushed like a doggone bug.
21. Rory (4/4): To have both Sarge and Chad say, “Our original alliance is still running, are you still in?” I’m just the cat who swallowed the canary right now. The guys, they assured me that Julie and Twila are 100% with them, but I don’t have any relationship with Julie and Twila, so, really, I’m still not in the best spot, but quite frankly, I’m not worried about that today, because my fortunes have changed. I’m just so happy right now.
22. Scout (2/3): The new tribe name is Alinta. It’s an Aboriginal word that means “We are the fire. We are the people of the fire.” And they kind of liked that idea, and took off on it.
23. Eliza (2/3): I’m so excited about this merge. It just couldn’t be better. I missed the girls who we’d had on our original Yasur tribe. Julie especially, ‘cause we, like, got really close in the first 12 days and then, you know, being split apart for the last 9 days, I’ve missed her a bunch.
24. Lea (6/8): Even though I’ve got this pact going and everybody says don’t worry, I see Julie laying next to Ami, and I get real nervous. There is that sense that a male-female fight might happen at the end. It might be a scrap out on the playground between the males and the females. And so, then, anything can happen.
25. Scout (3/3): You look around at the energy in the camp. I don’t know. I just have a sense that the guys are feeling a little… uh, uneasy.
26. Chad (3/3): We were down by the creek, and Twila and Julie were bringing up the point of how strong Rory is at challenges and how he can just sweep through these immunities.
27. Eliza (3/3): It kind of appears to be men versus women. It’d make sense to do that because the women are up in numbers six to four, and we could easily vote the men off.
28. Ami (1/2): I really wanted to just start voting out the guys, one by one, and have all women at the end, because, right now, we’re at a very critical point. This is a huge turning point of the game and the first vote is going to be everything.
29. Chris (5/6): Twila is just insecure. She’s scared, and you pretty much have to strategize for Twila.
30. Lea (7/8): Ami has control of all the women. She gets them in her aura and pulls them in and then tells them what to do, and they run out like little chickens, you know, with their head cut off, doing what she says, and she sits back being the innocent little girl that doesn’t do anything wrong, and-and it’s dangerous. It’s real dangerous.
31. Lea (8/8): Right now, with Twila and Julie, I feel confident about the way the talk. They talk with a lot of faith, a lot of character. She was a little confused on who was going home tonight and she made me a little uneasy for a second. But, you know, we have a pact, and we’re sticking to the pact.
32. Twila (3/4): I just told Chris, I said, “Y’all make the choice. If you want to vote for Ami, just let me know. Just let me know what y’all want to do, and I’ll follow it.”
33. Chris (6/6): I feel confident about Twila. I feel confident about Julie, and obviously Rory has come back to Lopevi. We’ve got the numbers. We’ll be good to go. Picking them girls off one by one is what it’s going to be about.
34. Ami (2/2): I don’t know, like, what’s been going on throughout the day, but I don’t think that Twila and Julie ever left the women’s alliance. They had to do what they had to do to survive with all men, but I don’t see Twila ever, ever leaving the women’s alliance.
35. Twila (4/4): The guys think we’re with them. The girls automatically think we’re with them, so who knows? After tonight, somebody is going to be pissed, but we gotta do what we gotta do. I feel bad because I care about every one of ‘em, but I’m beating ‘em to the punch. I’m cutting their throat before they cut mine.
1. Ami (1/2): Tribal Council tonight was absolute heaven. The guys went in thinking they were getting rid of me tonight, and, oh, we shocked the shiznit out of 'em.
2. Chris (1/4): Tribal Council was a surprise. I would I say that I probably put a little bit too much… confidence in Julie and Twila. They've put me, Sarge and Chad in a precarious situation. It's going to be tough to survive the rest of this game.
3. Twila (1/4): Tonight's Tribal Council was tough for me, because even though Sarge gave me his word, and Chris gave me his word, and-and Chad gave me his word, I felt like I still couldn't trust the guys. The guys told me that I was going to be part of the final four, and they told Julie the same thing. I feel like I didn't do anything more to those guys than what they would've done to me. I've got a lot of guilt. I didn't like it at all.
4. Lea (1/6): A lot of things going through my mind. Uh, I got despisal. I have, uh, remorse. Uh, these bunch of women-- they're very conniving, and I… hats off to 'em, you know? You got me.
5. Lea (2/6): Bottom line, it's awkward right now. It's awkward talking to any of 'em.
6. Leann (1/3): So I won the Reward Challenge, and I got to take someone with me, and so I took Julie because Julie was the one person I was a little unclear about as far as where she stood and where her head was at.
7. Julie (1/2): This is really exciting. Neither of us had ever come close to doing anything like this before, and we were trying to take it all in, and we were holding hands, just loving it.
8. Leann (2/3): The pilot took us through, like, the gorge, and down in these big sinkholes, and-and, I mean, it was just incredible. When we finally got to our destination, which was a dormant volcano… we were overlooking a really steep decline. Just looking around, and all you see is untouched, beautiful environment. I expected that a volcano would look like you see in pictures. But, no, I understand that we're kind of sitting on top of a dormant volcano, and it's just, um… it's a little surreal, and it's not going to sink in for a while.
9. Julie (2/2): Leann and I, we've always liked each other, but we've never really talked strategy, so it was really good that we had this opportunity to swap strategies and talk a little bit about what was going on in the game.
10. Eliza (1/6): Today's Reward Challenge, I was really annoyed. I felt that there were two women in particular, Scout and Twila, who were after me. And Scout kind of said, "Oh, little one, get over it. It's just a game." But it was more being taken out in that way.
11. Eliza (2/6): Yeah, this whole thing is just a game. Scout's right but, gosh, if she wasn't here one more day, I would be a happy camper.
12. Scout (1/2): I've been fed up with Eliza since Day 2. I'm totally over her.
13. Chris (2/4): The challenge definitely showed vulnerability in the women's alliance. Questions arose in their minds as to, you know, where do they stand? Eliza did realize about the pecking order and, um… she didn't like it. We see a weakness right there. So… it definitely opened up some doors for us to look into.
14. Chris (3/4): One of the ideas we come up out there was to try to convince the women that Eliza feels vulnerable. That she doesn't trust her position. That she's unhappy with when she was selected in that challenge and that, possibly, she's been talking to us about jumping over with us.
15. Eliza (3/6): Julie lifts up her pants, and she had tied a bag of leftover chicken wings to her leg.
16. Lea (3/6): Oh, I was real pleased that they brought back some bones of hot wings. The average American would be, like, "Oh, my God! That is the lowest form of insult I could ever imagine." But… to the Alinta tribe, it was like Christmas.
17. Eliza (4/6): The guys-- when they came back-- were really excited about getting the bones, and we had to be pretend to be excited about the bones, too, because they didn't know that we had just had chicken wings.
18. Leann (3/3): Julie and I were just kind of sitting there watching everybody going, "Oh, man, if they only knew."
19. Eliza (5/6): I went to get Tree Mail alone this morning, and then there, sitting tied up right behind Tree Mail was this big pig. I've never really dealt with animals. I've never, you know, been around a farm.
20. Lea (4/6): I wanted to eat the pig so bad that I could taste his fatback cooked up with my cabbages.
21. Lea (5/6): I read this note. It says, "No, you can't kill the pig." It was a big letdown. It was about as big a letdown as when I found out Estrogen City was moving into Lopevi. If I can't link myself to the Estrogen City, at least I can link myself to a pig. You know? Have some friend up in here.
22. Ami (2/2): I won the challenge today. I don't know if that was the smartest idea in the world, just because I'm already kind of seen as a stronger woman, and that's a threat to some of the other women, but I can't let myself play bad. Tonight at Tribal Council, I'm voting for Sarge. He's a strong physical threat and out of other guys, it's probably best that we send him first since he doesn't have immunity now.
23. Lea (6/6): Basically, I get the feeling that I'm going home because of a physical threat, but I actually think that there could be a twist and Eliza could go home because Scout is that much against her.
24. Eliza (6/6): I feel like I've been paranoid since Day 1. I mean, it's a game where people are going to be voting each other off, so you have to be paranoid. Scout has already gone after me two or three times now. I think she would write my name down in a heartbeat, and, you know, I would write her name down in a heartbeat.
25. Scout (2/2): Eliza and myself have an ongoing… tension, you know? She-she knows that she annoys me, and I'm sure I annoy her, so that's going on. Um, I think something else might be going on. Jules and Leann have gotten to be kind of tight since they went on their little trip together, and I think Leann might’ve-- uh, have bumped me down in the hierarchy a little bit after that trip. So, uh, there may be some changes. Hell, I might get sent home tonight.
26. Twila (2/4): Today was the first day that I actually got to talk to Sarge alone, and I thought the guys were manipulating me, but Sarge looked at me and told me honestly, and I believe him wholeheartedly, that Julie put doubt in my mind against the guys.
27. Twila (3/4): I screwed up when I didn't vote with the guys. I felt uneasy about making the decision I made, because I've had more respect out of these three guys than I felt that I ever got over at the girls' camp. There's no doubt about it, and I do feel like I let ‘em down.
28. Twila (4/4): Chad said if I went on their side and they could get Eliza to go with us, we could knock the women out. I'm willing to play wherever, however I have to play this game to get ahead, I'm gonna play it.
29. Chris (4/4): In this game, your strategy changes just immediately, and since the ladies got here, I learned real quick, from the first night, that you gotta watch what you say, that they're a tight-knit group and that if you want to survive, you're gonna have to please ‘em. I've been in an alliance with Sarge and Chad since Day 1. We don't have the numbers. Unless we can pull something off with Twila and Eliza, it's over.
1. Chris (1/6): I told them that Sarge told me to vote for him, but he didn't. Um, I voted for Sarge… to stay close to the women and, you know, go further in the game. You know, this is for the best. Uh, this is for my personal, you know, reasons in the game to try to get as far as I can.
2. Scout (1/3): Ami and Leann have turned. They've changed their alliance from, uh, Twila and myself being in the top four, moving Jules into a spot, and she didn't deserve it. I'm not gonna sit by and let that happen. This morning I went to the guys at the fire, and I whispered to them that I had a plan to keep them in the game. I asked them not to tell anybody. Told them I needed to talk to Twila, and I'd get back with them. The plan that I have would take out Liza, then take out Ami. We gotta get Ami out of there. She's a strong contender, and she's, uh, manipulative, and… it's a whole different game then.
3. Eliza (1/5): Ami, Chad, Chris and I, we're going on an overnight visit in a village, and we were so excited, and we were bringing Piggy as a gift for the tribe that we are visiting. But Piggy peed on the plane. That stunk.
4. Ami (1/8): We were in the very, very backcountry. I don't think we could have gone any further to get away from civilization.
5. Chris (2/6): It seemed like we went to a whole other world. None of us knew what to expect. People from the village looking at us, and we're looking at them, and I'm carrying a pig.
6. Eliza (2/5): We handed the chief Piggy, and he was very appreciative, and they gave us a pig back.
7. Chris (3/6): Me, Ami, Eliza and Chad were just, like, "Damn, they're giving us a pig back." You know, uh, but, yeah… the pig, they-they give us a pig in return, and, uh, they actually just had, uh, had us lay it down by a bench where we were sitting, and we just never asked for the pig back. We didn't want the pig.
8. Ami (2/8): Once they started dancing, like, really doing the traditional dancing, we were watching that, it was amazing. They don't use any instruments. They just use claps of their hands, stomp of their feet and their voices. Like… (ululating) like… (chuckles) I could feel the vibration of their feet stomping. It was amazing, like out of a book. It looked like we were in the middle of a book. The chief said, "Do you want to dance?" And I was like, "Yeah, I want to dance! Dancing sounds great."
9. Chris (4/6): They brought us bowls of kava… and me and Chad and Ami and Eliza, we all drank a bowl of kava.
10. Eliza (3/5): You just say… Okay, you chug it, and then you spit out your last sip. And this bowl was enormous, and it kind of tastes like mud mixed with water and vodka. Almost immediately, my mouth started feeling numb, and my tongue started feeling numb. It was definitely a strange feeling.
11. Chris (5/6): The kava is powerful, very, very powerful.
12. Chad (1/3): After that kava, I started spinning into a kava-induced, uh… (smirks) stupor. I couldn't walk. I couldn't-- I wasn't coordinated.
13. Eliza (4/5): When we were thinking feast, we were thinking plates of steak, anything cooked, but they had the cow's head and then banana leaves laid out, and they had all this meat just piled on it.
14. Ami (3/8): It wasn't cooked all the way. There wasn't a lot of flavor to it. There was a lot of… fat. It just wasn't something that I was used to.
15. Ami (4/8): All the children were gathered around this little tiny fire, and they were teaching the song that they had learned for the Americans, and their smiles touched me in a way I'll never forget. This was the highlight of my entire night.
16. Ami (5/8): It was the most unbelievable reward we could've possibly ever gotten.
17. Scout (2/3): Oh, man, it is just raining cats and dogs. It looks like it's set in for days. Everything is soaking wet. It's going to be a miracle if we can keep our fire. I-I've never been in a worse situation than this, really.
18. Leann (1/1): This is the… by far the worst night, by far the worst night. It won't stop (expletive censor) raining, and I don't care if I can't swear. (chuckles) It won't stop raining. It's freezing. Everything we have is soaked. I don't even want to think about what the other four are doing at the moment. I'm sure they're having a great time, and they're comfortable, and that's just enough to make me mad thinking about it.
19. Scout (3/3): I had one hell of a night. It rained cats and dogs, and our shelter just… it just poured in. Our blankets were drenched. Our clothes were drenched. Our pillows are drenched, everything. And the timing was just right, and I said, "You know what, you guys? Keeping this fire going… I tell you what, we ought to, uh, send Eliza on home and, uh, and, uh, keep these guys around another few days to let 'em help us with the fire and collecting wood." Then, the game changes.
20. Eliza (5/5): When-when we got back, it was as if… they couldn't be less excited to see us.
21. Ami (6/8): Coming back to camp, there was no welcome-- just… could care less. "Whatever, you had a good time, whatever, yadda, yadda. Sit down and do your work or whatever you need to do." It's pretty much how the welcome went. But I could definitely tell something had gone on. I had really weird feelings. Jules didn't-- wouldn't look me in the face, would not look me in the face, which makes me think, "Oh, God, what conversations have been going on while I haven't been here?"
22. Chris (6/6): Yeah, things have changed. Um, there's dissension in the ranks. The-the women are not tight, and the women come across cocky, confident. Uh, they have since the merge, since Rory went home, and it got to Scout the way the other girls were coming across-- you know, the-the cocky way Ami presents herself. Me and Chad, we're doing our best. We're-- we’re playing it. We're tugging at their hearts. (scoffs) They are rolling in it! Scout bit. You question a woman's character, you question a woman's ability, she'll snap your neck! You open up your heart, show a woman you're vulnerable, then they start thinking with their heart. That's when they open up that back door. That's what's happened this time.
23. Ami (7/8): Scout and I were definitely at odds about how the vote should go. She really wants to get rid of Eliza, but I thought getting rid of Eliza tonight was not a good idea at all. Let's kind of stick to the game plan, and not have to worry later that there's two strong men that could win immunity, and we're going to have to start voting out women. One of these guys can make it all the way to the end. This game is not over.
24. Ami (8/8): Going to Tribal Council for me is just, let's get it done. Let's take care of the vote, let's get home, let's work on tonight and hopefully start out with a nice, dry day tomorrow. I don't think it's time for Eliza to be voted off yet. I just don't.
25. Chad (2/3): After getting back from the challenge, everybody's mood seemed to be a little different. I just sensed that Scout was not getting the results from the other women to vote for Eliza. At-at this point, I'm just going to try to reassure that those in our voting bloc-- which is what I think is our voting bloc-- to keep with the same vote that we had planned.
26. Chad (3/3): Man, it is up in the air right now, and there's some last-minute, fierce negotiation. She-- Twila has immunity tonight, so there's no reason she shouldn't vote with us.
27. Twila (1/1): I definitely feel stuck in the middle right now, and it's tearing me up, 'cause I don't know, you know? It's like I'm going to get somebody pissed off at me either way, so I'm screwed. The guys are depending on me and Scout to pull through for them-- that's the only way they're gonna stay in the game. I don't know which way to go. You know, I'd really-- yes, I'm like Scout. Yes, I'd like the hands to be turned, and Ami not be in charge right now, but I don't know if that's going to happen.
1. Eliza: (1/5): Tribal Council sucks. I hate it. I always think I'm going home. It's kind of funny, but everyone who conspires against me ends up off and I'm still here.
2. Chris (1/6): As soon as I got back to camp, I narced out Scout and Twila. Uh, let them know that they had conspired with me and Chad for an alliance and, I just, you know, I just mixed things up as soon as we got back. It's going to be a mess.
3. Leann (1/5): It's hard to choose what to believe because it would do Chris a lot of good to get us mad at Twila and Scout. I mean, it would make him last longer in the game.
4. Leann (2/5): I'm actually very surprised that things happened the way they did last night. So, I told Twila about it. I heard some things that I'm not very comfortable with, and we need to talk about it.
5. Leann (3/5): She just completely confirmed the story, but she told me that it was all Scout's idea. Man, I just didn't think it would happen this soon. I thought we'd at least wait until the guys were gone before the girls started going crazy on each other, but, oh, it's happening. You know, if they're gonna go with that plan, they should have stuck with it 'cause now they're screwed.
6. Eliza: (2/5): Oh, I couldn't be more excited to be able to share this experience with my mom. I want to share everything with my mom. My mom is my best friend in the entire world, and I could not be more excited that she's here with us.
7. Eliza: (3/5): There's definitely a possibility that people are very resentful that I won that challenge and they didn't. It could definitely work to my disadvantage. But hopefully, if she bonds with them, that could help me.
8. Scout (1/3): When I came out here, I was determined to play the game with integrity and honesty and truth, and if that didn't work, then I'd lie, cheat and steal. We've now reduced ourselves to the "lie, cheat and steal" part.
9. Scout (2/3): So I did a little damage control there, but Leann and Ami have backed out of their alliance with me, that we would go all the way to the end of the game together. Call it final four, call it whatever you want to, we would go to the end of the game together and include Twila.
10. Scout (3/3): (snarls) My hackles came up, and they're still up. You know, whatever happens, you know, "vengeance is mine," sayeth the jury. (grins)
11. Chris (2/6): Eliza's mom will probably be leaving soon, and, uh, everybody's doing a little something that maybe she can pass on to our loved ones. Something for them to remember us by and let ‘em know we're thinking about them.
12. Eliza: (4/5): Having my mom here has definitely motivated me and made me know that I can get through this and I'm almost there, and it's just so wonderful that she got to spend this time with me. She took the shirt off her back and gave it to me because I don't have anything with sleeves even.
13. Leann (4/5): Ami, Twila and I went to get manioc. And, you know, I wanted to hear what Twila had to say about this whole Chad and Chris scam.
14. Ami (1/3): I just think Twila got really twisted up in her idea of what making peace is and what the right and wrong thing to do is when it comes to a team.
15. Twila (1/2): I swore to Ami and Leann on my son's name that I was with them 100%. But maybe if I won a million dollars, God would forgive me. (laughs) I don't know. I hope.
16. Chris (3/6): Julie's pretty much been my informant and she informed me that they're flower power again; girls strong. Julie let me know that, uh, my head's on the chopping block and that, uh, I have to win immunity to stay in the game.
17. Chris (4/6): I'm going to win immunity, guaranteed. That's the prediction. I'll make it right now. Daugherty's going to win immunity. It's a fact.
18. Leann (5/5): So, Ami won the Immunity Challenge and that freed us up to vote for who we were going to vote for next, which was Chris. For some reason, it didn't feel right that Chris was going to go home and Eliza wasn't.
19. Ami (2/3): So we went for a little walk in the woods, and we decided as a group, let's talk really, like, who deserves to stay.
20. Ami (3/3): I think Chris should go next, but it's not setting really well for Leann, so if she decides that it's not right, then I'm going to stick with what she says. We just really hope it doesn't mess us up in the long run, and he wins immunity the next couple of times, that would be really bad!
21. Chris (5/6): It's like being in a tornado. It is crazy. I don't even have to do something to change the tide of the game. There's six women living with me-- they'll change it themselves. It can be set in stone who's going home, and five minutes later, I'm not going home and I ain't done a damn thing to change it. I'm just sitting there by the fire. So I make my way out to get some wood and Twila says to me while we're filling this crate, "You know, you can change this game completely." So I'm thinking, "I'm all ears, Twila."
22. Twila (2/2): I swore on my son's name. May God forgive me for saying that, ‘cause it's… it’s not the right thing to do, but it's time for something to change. Ami and Leann just act like they're so much better than everybody else and they've got this all wrapped up in their back pocket, and-and… it just freaking pisses me off.
23. Chris (6/6): Am I willing to do it? Damn right I'm willing to do it! I'll turn the tide, I'll take the risk right now! So I talked to Eliza.
24. Eliza: (5/5): Chris pulls me aside and says Twila and Scout discussed with him the possibility of changing this game around, and the only way to do it would be with my vote.
1. Chris (1/9): The bitterness started as soon as we got back to camp. I'm living with five wildcats right now. (chuckles) It's gonna be good.
2. Ami (1/10): I'm disappointed in Twila. Promising on her son's life just kind of disgusts me. I lost all respect for Twila. I don't know if I could ever have respect for that woman again.
3. Twila (1/5): We've overthrown the queen and the little princess. People like that just piss me off because they think they're so much better than every-freakin'-body else. We've got the power. Chris, I, Scout, like, we have the power now. I have a great mind sometimes. I love it. (laughs)
4. Ami (2/10): I'm competing with all my heart now. I got no cushions. I got no buddy to rely on. It's me all the way.
5. Twila (2/5): We're all hungry. We all want food. I'm just praying Eliza wins because Liza looks like a little stick girl. I've been calling her Olive Oyl.
6. Eliza (1/6): I won the car. I don't think that's sunk in yet. I still can't really believe that. It was gorgeous. We had the windows open. The sunroof was open. And I mean, it was just amazing.
7. Eliza (2/6): It was wonderful. They told us to put our clothes in this hamper and they would wash them for us. And then we just decided to take a shower immediately because we had to take off all our clothes anyhow.
8. Ami (3/10): I washed my hair two times and scrubbed every part of my body. I actually feel human again. I smell good! Oh, it's heaven.
9. Chris (2/9): We all got to shower. They didn't leave me no hot water… bitches.
10. Ami (4/10): The reward was beautiful. We sat out by the ocean in robes, like Hugh Hefner-- drink in hand, hors d'oeuvres. Some Vanuatu people came out and sang to us, and they were dressed in vibrant orange with big smiles on their faces. It was beautiful.
11. Eliza (3/6): The best reward ever. It-it was totally out of a dream. I mean, all of us, we just couldn't wipe the smiles off our faces.
12. Scout (1/2): When I got back from that Reward Challenge, I was angry. The fact that I can't physically show myself better in the game, you know, I fe-- it's-it’s humiliating. Because given the body that I had six years ago, I could physically outdo anybody that's out here right now.
13. Twila (3/5): Ami is going to be smooth-talking Eliza tonight. She will definitely be doing some maneuvering. Will it work? I pray to God it don't.
14. Chris (3/9): We had a really good meal. Um, ate as much as we could… just great food.
15. Ami (5/10): Food was unbelievable, and the company was great, too. I was really glad that Eliza, Chris and I had won together.
16. Chris (4/9): She's so full of (expletive censor)! You know, does she think I'm stupid, you know? She's still working Eliza, though. She's strategizing, she's playing the game.
17. Chris (5/9): I am definitely realistic enough to keep tabs on Eliza and comfort myself by talking to her and hear her reassure me that she knows what's best for her. I'm counting on the fact that Eliza is mentally strong.
18. Eliza (4/6): Ami has stood up for me a lot of times. Ami has been the one to say, "No, I don't want to vote Eliza off. No, I'm not voting for Eliza." Ami’s been like a big sister to me out here.
19. Julie (1/1): I woke up this morning and I saw Ami, Eliza and Chris walking back from the reward. And it was great to have a new smell in camp, definitely. Especially for Chris, ‘cause Chris stinks.
20. Twila (4/5): I'm sure Ami worked on Eliza pretty hard yesterday, trying to get her to swing a vote their way, you know, and I am very worried about that. Ami is so pissed off at me and Scout, no telling what else she'll do.
21. Scout (2/2): It is annoying that they're sitting there in the beauty shop plucking hairs and we really need to gather wood, but Ami is a control freak. She likes to control her world and everyone in it.
22. Ami (6/10): Scout, I think she's irritated with me for some reason, whether it's because she's older and I'm younger and I still have my body and she-- I don't know what it is. But after Tribal Council the other night, Scout has got me pissed off.
23. Ami (7/10): It's like Scout put a pile of cayenne pepper in my pants and said, "Hey, let's dance." Well, I'm ready to dance. I've lost all respect, all anything for Twila. But Scout hasn't been voted for once, and I think it's important she sees her name can be written down, too, just like anybody else.
24. Chris (6/9): They're a bunch of alley cats going at it, and strategically, this is the best thing for me. I don't even think they're looking at me. I mean, I'm just sitting back and watching 'em shoot each other. But Ami needs to go home. She's definitely a threat. I mean, we knocked her off of her horse, thank God. But who's to say she ain't to get up, dust herself off, climb back on and pull something off?
25. Chris (7/9): I have not been capable of overcoming the physical challenges against these women, so I want immunity. I'm still the only guy here. I'm the only man standing. Immunity is all that's gonna make me safe.
26. Chris (8/9): Today was my day. I was extremely happy to win immunity. It is a little bit humorous that it did take a nonphysical challenge to beat the chicks. But I'm looking at it as though I've achieved something great here, and I have immunity. That's all that matters right now.
27. Ami (8/10): Today was definitely one of my weaker challenges, and it just happens to be the challenge that I needed the most. So, tonight's the night.
28. Twila (5/5): I think Ami could influence Eliza. She's got the power. She's got the wit and the power to do it. Ami has controlled this game from the second day, and she's very persuasive. If she hadn't have been, them other girls wouldn't have followed her all this time.
29. Ami (9/10): I really thought that I could go through this game and play, like, a fair game all the way through and not have to play dirty, and it just didn't work out. So I'm really vulnerable right now, and Eliza would be the only hope.
30. Chris (9/9): If there is a tie, it's my understanding that everyone would have the opportunity to vote again. And if voting again did not break the tie, the two people being voted for, I think they would get immunity, and the rest of us would pull rocks, and whoever drew a colored rock goes home. So Eliza could mess things up real bad.
31. Eliza (5/6): It's really going to be tough to vote for Ami, really hard, because I like Ami a lot and I like Julie a lot, too. I have fun with them. I connect with them. They’ve been my friends since really early on in this game.
32. Eliza (6/6): Right now, Scout, Twila and Chris think I'm, you know, 100% solid in this final four alliance, but I do have reservations because I don't think Scout or Twila will take me to the final three. Ami and Julie, on the other hand, would take me, so I'm not afraid to change things if I think that it's going to get me farther in this game.
33. Ami (10/10): Eliza could go either way, but I have a connection with Eliza so I know that there is something in her heart saying, "You know what? I really would like to have Ami in the game." So, anything could happen.
1. Chris (1/16): After Tribal Council, we got back to the camp, and… everything was good. Ami was gone -- one less worry -- and, uh, I'm the last man standing. It seemed like it was gonna be just a quiet, you know, easy-going night, but there was still a lot of emotions stirring in Twila. The fact that Eliza had brought up Twila swearing on her son's name.
2. Julie (1/9): Twila's outburst really looked… eh, like a heinous insecurity just projected on us, and I'm actually kind of glad she did it, 'cause I know it completely turned everybody off, and I'm gonna use it against her later on.
3. Eliza (1/7): Yes, I guess Twila got a little upset at Tribal Council, but she got even more upset when we got back, and she was cursing at me, and… yes, I brought up the fact that she swore on her son to both me and somebody else, and one of those times it was a lie, so it made me wary of the fact that she had sworn on her son to me. You know, she's the one who did it. If you can't live with your past actions, you shouldn't have done it.
4. Chris (2/16): I knew that it wasn't a good thing what Twila was doing. She definitely offended Julie. She definitely offended Eliza. Eliza being part of this four-person alliance with Scout, Twila and myself, you know, it's-it’s important to try to keep a level… you know, understanding. She's taken a road she doesn't need to take. It's-it’s dangerous for her position in the game.
5. Eliza (2/7): I would definitely consider making a deal with Julie. Sometimes when it's in your best interest to abandon an alliance, you have to do that to get yourself further in the game.
6. Julie (2/9): All day I've been shuffling my ideas and my plan to Eliza. I've been playing up the fact that we want to get rid of Twila. But her only dilemma is that she is going to be faithful to Chris, and if Chris doesn't buy it, then there's no point. So, I have to approach Chris in an appropriate time and manner. You know, it's all benching on that for me-- it could either continue my game or end it abruptly.
7. Chris (3/16): Julie won the reward and she picked me. And we cleaned up after the muddy challenge we went through. And we journeyed through the jungle and we finally come out into this extremely ashy, dense area.
8. Julie (3/9): The decision to bring Chris -- uh, I knew none of them were going to bring me -- but Chris I had the funnest with, I needed to talk to, and he's my door to open to get me further in this game, so it only made sense to bring Chris.
9. Julie (4/9): There was one part when we were crossing the river, okay, and Chris is in the river just looking around. And he just looked so hopeless out there, I just couldn't help but laugh.
10. Chris (4/16): This horse and me had trouble getting to know each other at first, you know? It took us a while to, you know, build a trusting relationship. So, okay, well, off to a little bit of a rough start on the horse, but everything else went great. We walked down this long trail, and, uh, it was awesome just looking at everything on our way up.
11. Chris (5/16): Finally, we come around the far side of Mount Yasur.
12. Julie (5/9): I see foot-long hot dogs, huge rolls, onions and relish, wine, beer. We are thrilled, so we're like, "Okay, what can we do? Let's get going." Joe comes back and he's, like, "Bring the hot dogs. We're going to heat them in the vent." And you look around, there's all these steam vents coming up. It was probably about ten feet away.
13. Julie (6/9): We go over to the vent, and we put some corn in the bottom, and just stick them in. Three minutes later, they're ready. So we doll up our rolls and we ate just four hot dogs nonstop, foot-long. Great, yum. I was in heaven.
14. Chris (6/16): You know, Julie won the reward. It didn't surprise me that she picked me. She wants to go further in the game, and she knows that her name is coming up for elimination.
15. Chris (7/16): Me and Julie got a little bit of a, you know, a bond between us. You know, she let me know that she doesn't wanna leave. She wants to stay in the game.
16. Chris (8/16): I don't know, Julie worked it pretty good. There's nothing that Julie or Eliza would like more than for me to jump on their side and vote off Twila. And I didn't tell her no. I'm the last guy standing. I sit and I think, "Is this a bad thing or a good thing?" I just haven't decided yet.
17. Julie (7/9): Chris was very open-minded and he's open to help me progress in the game, so Chris is my rock right now.
18. Eliza (3/7): Twila has been telling us that she hid these bananas. She buried them in order to help them ripen and won't tell us where they are.
19. Eliza (4/7): For Scout, for Twila, for me, it's just gotten to the point where we cannot hold back anymore. And especially Twila, she's just so childish and immature and so obnoxious and annoying. And I hate the way she treats me. I hate… I mean… oh, my God.
20. Eliza (5/7): I'm so sick of Twila. I just want her to go home now.
21. Chris (9/16): So Joe comes back and, you know, we're like, okay. He goes, "Look, I'm going to take you up here." So we all three took off up this little trail up the volcano.
22. Chris (10/16): It was amazing because every time the volcano erupted, the volcanic rock would shoot out and it just glowed. I mean, it was like the Fourth of July.
23. Julie (8/9): I saw a volcano exploding the whole night. It was one of the most beautiful things I've ever witnessed.
24. Chris (11/16): There is absolutely no other experience in my life I can compare it to. I don't know if I'll ever have another experience like it. I mean, how often do you get to sit at the mouth of a volcano and watch it explode?
25. Chris (12/16): After the reward this morning, we come back to camp. Right away, you know, Scout hugged me and… she's thinking the same thing I'm thinking. It's game time. I just let her know nothing has changed. We're all four together and then, you know, Twila, she's a basket case, you got to reassure her. Coming back to camp was perfect. Everything fell together. Everyone's thinking on the same terms. Keeping an eye on things, that's what I got to do.
26. Eliza (6/7): I was thrilled to get Julie and Chris back because presumably Julie has spoken to Chris about voting for Twila, and if Chris is going to go for it, then I might go for it also.
27. Chris (13/16): I sat down with Eliza on the beach. We went over a scenario about me, her and Julie taking out Twila. I mean, I don't trust Scout. I don't trust Twila. I don't trust Eliza. I don't trust Julie. And they don't trust each other. And the most screwed-up thing about it is, I think they all trust me. So… it's… it's getting really crazy. Um, I've probably made it this way myself because I am playing both sides.
28. Eliza (7/7): For the first time, I won individual immunity today, and I am guaranteed a spot in the final four. It's awesome. It's a great feeling. I'd like to win every immunity challenge from here on out. I think that tonight… Chris, Julie and I are going to shock the hell out of everyone and vote off Twila, and it's just… it's a really exciting prospect. Chris has proved me right so far, and I just hope he continues to do so.
29. Chris (14/16): Scout and Twila are definitely convinced that Julie's the next to go. And then there's me. I'm still weighing my options, but I'm going back and forth like a teeter-totter, you know? I'm thinking, one moment I think I'm gonna keep Julie around, and the next moment, you know, I'm thinking maybe I better stick with Twila and Scout.
30. Chris (15/16): Everybody's scrambling. I just think I'm in a better position than, you know, Twila, Scout, Eliza, or Julie right now because I’m-I'm pretty much the middle man, as far as I know. You know, what them four have conspired or talked about, I don't know. I don't trust any of them. They're thick as thieves, man. They're all women. How do you trust any of them? So, I don't know what I'm going to do. I'm messing with both sides, but it's… it’s kind of easy to do right now. I mean, I need to do it to figure out what my best option is right now.
31. Julie (9/9): Chris approaches me. He says he's gonna straight-out vote for Twila, basically saying that our friendship is weighing on his decision tonight. I hope he keeps me around. That's all I can do. I don't know for sure. I'm not going to be extremely paranoid. I'm just really gonna be even keel and hope that it goes in my favor.
32. Twila (1/1): Chris has guaranteed me that I'm not going home tonight. Part of me wants to believe Chris wholeheartedly, but it's a game. I just cannot do it. I cannot let my guard down. You can't trust nobody now. Nobody. You're playing for a million dollars. People have murdered for less than a million dollars, you know? Come on.
33. Chris (16/16): I told Julie that I'm keeping her. I told Twila that I'm keeping her. I'm gonna put myself in the best possible situation to win the game. It's tough right now. I'm gonna have to make a decision before long.
1. Chris (1/15): I voted off Julie tonight at Tribal Council. Uh, took Eliza by surprise. Oh, well, Julie had it coming. She pulled a fast one on me after the merge. I got her back. It's all in good game.
2. Chris (2/15): I don't know. I don't think much about any of the women here since the final seven of us were here. I mean, they're all just playing the game. They turned on each other, and they all got their own opinion, and Eliza and Twila don't like each other, I love it. It puts a little bit of, you know, excitement in camp.
3. Eliza (1/2): I thought I would be here on Day 37, yes, but if you'd have told me that this was the group of people I was going to be with, I would have laughed in your face. I never would've imagined that this would be the final four. Because there are only four of us left, it's pretty clear, you know, who is going to stick together and who's going to vote for who at tonight's Tribal Council. Scout and Twila have been wanting to vote for me for a very long time, and I think that would give them a lot of satisfaction to finally do that, so I really need immunity to stay in this game. Um, if I don't get immunity, I pray that it's Chris who does.
4. Chris (3/15): Oh, man, I needed it bad. I never give up. That's the one thing. I just knew. I'm the last man standing, I'm not giving up on this game. Twila gave me a run for my money, but immunity-- that's just what I wanted. That's all I needed. It's a good day. I definitely had my work cut out for me. An alliance you've got with somebody or trust… it's not meaning a whole lot right now. It's making that final two and getting a chance to win.
5. Twila (1/7): Right now I just want to gloat. I want to gloat that the little wench is going home today, tonight. I'm gloating.
6. Chris (4/15): Twila is so wound up. You know, Twila works on me. So, I'm gonna have to deal with Twila all afternoon. She gets on my nerves. She's just totally out-of-control nervous all the time.
7. Twila (2/7): I want to gloat, but that's just what Chris wants me to do. See, he-- the more I piss everybody off right before they leave, the more easier it is, if we're the final two, that he gets all the votes. So, you know, I see what he's doing. He's working it.
8. Chris (5/15): It's going to be a long afternoon for sure. Just pretty much more I have to put up with three women all afternoon, and that… sucks. Um, my alliance is with all three of ‘em, and, you know, they're all bidding for their spot in the final three.
9. Eliza (2/2): I'm lucky enough to be in the final four with someone that I feel that I can put all of my trust into, and now that we've made this pact, this final two alliance, neither one of us is going to vote against the other person, and we're going to do everything we can to get to the final two together.
10. Chris (6/15): I didn't come here to get second place, and I sure as hell didn't come here to get third or fourth. I come here to win. You know, I don't look at myself as being aligned with Scout and Twila right now. Heck, there's no loyalty, no trust. There's nothing in the game right now. It's all about just getting yourself to the next step. To hell with everybody else.
11. Scout (1/2): This night is beautiful because… it's quiet! There is no Eliza noises in camp.
12. Chris (7/15): I never dreamed I'd be playing the game the way I am, lying, deceiving. You ain't got no choice, because I tell you what, you don't step it up and you don't start playing the game in your best interest to benefit and go to the end, you'll be sent packing. And, uh, going back home with a million bucks… that'll change your life.
13. Twila (3/7): Being in the final three is amazing to me, but I don't know what's going to happen. It's going to be a happy day and a sad day all up in one.
14. Scout (2/2): The thing that I felt is I knew that my feet were walking the trail that indigenous people had walked for hundreds and hundreds of years. I had a-a very special feeling of being part of a history that I-I didn't know about, but… I had-- I have respect for.
15. Chris (8/15): I pulled it off. I got immunity. I'm still pretty shocked. Twila was some stiff competition in that challenge, but there was no way I was losing, no way I was losing.
16. Twila (4/7): Chris and I, we had an agreement for the final two. If he won, he would take me, if I won, I'd take him. I don't know if he will now, because I feel like maybe he thinks I tried to hang into that challenge just so I could take Scout with me, but it's not true. I wasn't trying to win it for Scout. I was trying to win it for me… for me, my own self.
17. Chris (9/15): At that challenge, Scout cheered on Twila and said, "Hang in there." Scout was praying to the gods Twila won that immunity. Scout wanted to go to the final two. I guarantee you, they had a pact, and if I find out they did, Twila ain't necessarily going to the final two.
18. Chris (10/15): I couldn't believe how honest Scout was. Scout definitely is smart enough to realize why I was asking her, "Did you and Twila have a pact to the final two?" She could have very easily said, "Yeah," and Twila would have been packing tonight for sure, but… she's honest, and I respect her for that. The bottom line is, there's people on the jury that's going to base their vote on likeability and there's players going to base their vote on who played the best game and it's something I can't predict. I don't know if I'm gonna take Twila or Scout to the final two. I don't know. My decision could be made at Tribal Council tonight.
19. Twila (5/7): This is Day 39. This is it. I made it. I turned things around in my favor and it… and it paid off.
20. Chris (11/15): I am definitely feeling stress on a day that I never imagined I would feel stress. I was ready to get up today and enjoy the entire day, and I found myself thinking, "I've got to keep playing the game."
21. Chris (12/15): Twila is extremely outspoken, and I-I can use that to my advantage tonight. I mean, I want them to remember exactly how Twila was: just a cutthroat, didn't-take-no-crap kind of player.
22. Chris (13/15): Great, Twila, you let ‘em know you don't give a crap and that you come here to win. Chris isn't gonna do that. Chris is gonna sit back and let Twila put the last nail in her coffin.
23. Twila (6/7): I'm a little apprehensive about tonight. I honestly feel like I deserve a million because I did play the game the best. I didn't suck up to anybody. I didn't pretend to be something that I wasn't. Don't hold it against me because I outwitted and outplayed you. I deserve their votes just as much as Chris.
24. Chris (14/15): The closer Tribal Council gets, the absolutely the more concerned I'm getting. You know, in the back of my head, I just keep thinking, "That women's alliance," you know? All of them might just say, "Hey, look, the only way we can prove this women's alliance worked is for a woman to win this game." And just out of spite, they can vote for Twila.
25. Twila (7/7): The sense of pride that I come out and played this game, when I get out of here, is gonna be with me for a lifetime. Everything that I will be able to take home with me: the memories, being by the ocean and seeing things and doing things I've never seen and done before, it's been… it's been an amazing adventure.
26. Chris (15/15): It's kind of ironic, you know, at the Alinta camp when there was six women and just me. I wasn't in charge, I wasn't the chief. I wasn't making the calls, and that-that-- that's the opposite of what this place is all about, you know-- that's their heritage, that's what they believe in. And now it's down to me and a woman. If, unfortunately, I get second place, being the last man in the game, that's an accomplishment in itself. I never dreamed I'd be… I'd be where I'm at, no way. And it's still hard, you know, it doesn't quit. I guess it’ll quit when I walk off this island and it's completely over.
