1. Gervase (1/4): I am the original, the OG, the one who started this all. This time, I actually believe I can win this game. 
2. Marissa (1/4): It's cute that he thinks he's going to win, like, after thirteen years, come back, and play this game again. Like, I'm just focused on me winning this game.
3. Hayden (1/2): Big Brother, I mean, it is Survivor in (air quotes) “a house.” So as far as training or preparation, I'm going to be more prepared than anybody else that hasn't already played this game.
4. Kat (1/2): Hayden has already won a show before. Like, this is my time. This is my game.
5. Ciera (1/2): I think that our ability to kind of balance each other out is really gonna benefit us. 
6. Laura M (1/4): But yet, she's my heart. And nothing is harder than seeing somebody that you love suffer.
7. Rupert (1/6): I am returning to Survivor for my fourth time. 
9. Laura B (1/3): I mean, this has always been about Rupert, and Rupert playing three times, and Rupert, Rupert, Rupert. 
10. Colton (1/5): I don't really know how people are going to respond to me. Last time, I was like, this big ball of anger. My goal, apart from winning this season, is to show people a different side of me, the new Colton. 
11. Caleb (1/4): I'm worried about Colton's reputation because he pissed a lot of people off. But I know a different Colton. This is going to be kind of a redemption for him.
11. Candice (1/3): We are two people who have been very successful. It could be something that people perceive as a threat. 
12. John (1/4): Absolutely, and being young and athletic, I think we're gonna have a big target on our backs.
13. Monica (1/5): Normally, it's that I'm Brad's wife, but when it comes to Survivor, I'm the wily veteran here. 
14. Brad (1/11): I play second fiddle to Monica. I'm the young rookie.
15. Tina (1/2): I told Katie our lives transcends this game but our family is very competitive. Katie (1/3): There is just one winner and there's two of us, and that poses a very difficult situation. I would love to beat my mother at her own game.
17. Tyson (1/1): I've been disappointed by Survivor twice, but this time I actually feel like I'm in a pretty good spot. You know, in a game like this, I think that the loved ones aren't going to be prepared, and I'm going to slit their throats.
18. Rachel (1/2): Survivor was always Tyson's thing. I never thought in a million years I'd be out here. With the loved one's season it's going to be a game changer. It's going to be crazy out here.
19. Vytas (1/8): I was a drug addict. Heroin definitely led to my arrest. I spent a year in L.A. County Jail. Aras still has a lot of resentment against me.
20. Aras (1/2): So my brother was pretty abusive when we were younger and that inspired me to beat things at things I could beat him in. I don't know if me going on Survivor made my brother envious, but I'm sure that winning it did.
21. Kat (2/2): It is the most important thing in my entire life to beat Hayden Moss.
22. Gervase (2/4): She's a threat to me. At some point in time I'm gonna have to get rid of her.
23. Vytas (2/8): I want to win that money, I want to win this game, and I'm going to beat Aras to do it.
24. Brad (2/11): I answered with my heart instead of my head, and all of a sudden, I got stares and looks from every person down the line and I'm thinking to myself, “Oh, my gosh. First five seconds of the game, way to go, Brad!” (gestures with hand pulling trigger on gun to head)
25. Caleb (2/4): My heart sank 'cause I know Colton was really hoping to have me with him to kind of be that provider that I am for him. But, uh, it was definitely a wake-up call.
26. Rachel (2/2): It was sad. But at the same time, it's a game and I can play it on my own, too.
27. Aras (2/2): Vytas and I have such a competitive relationship that there's no way that if I lose a challenge to my brother out here that I'm not going to hear about it for the rest of my life.
28. Rupert (2/6): Watching my wife walk over to the other tribe, it was a little bit of a relief, and a little bit of sadness at the same time. I didn't have to worry at all about writing my wife's name down. But then, I also can't protect her.
29. Colton (2/5): In true Jeff Probst style, he has to really twist the knife. "Oh, we're going to vote someone out. Really? Hi, like, I'm Colton. Remember me?” Like, probably going to be the one.
30. Rupert (3/6): Watching my wife get voted out of her tribe about killed me. Why they would do that, it's a-- it's a smack against me. That is everyone of those little scared newbies saying we've gotta stop Rupert.
31. John (2/4): Every time I saw her name come up, I felt like I was getting kicked in the head. I literally wanted to do everything I could to vote out every single person that wrote her name down and I'm never going to forget that.
32. Rupert (4/6): I put myself in a position where I am not safe. It's killing me. But I would rather have myself in this position than I would my wife. Laura deserves to play the game.
33. Tina (2/2): I was really ticked when Rupert switched with Laura. I understand the emotion behind it, but we were counting on Rupert. Rupert is a fantastic shelter builder. He's a fantastic fisherman. And right off the bat, he weakens our tribe.
34. Rupert (5/6): In Laura and I's world, blood is thicker than anything. And Laura and I are blood. If I can battle my ass off Redemption Island and Laura is still there, you better watch out, 'cause we will be one hell of a team.
35. John (3/4): Watching Candice walk off literally, felt like my heart was being torn out of my chest. Like the second I s-- (pauses and holds back tears) the second I saw her walking (voice breaks) off, you know, I was like, there's nothing that's going to be harder than not doing everything I can to save my wife's butt in this game. Now I have the opportunity to show all those dumb asses how big a mistake they made.
36. Gervase (3/4): It's been thirteen years since I played Survivor. I think this is the the longest layoff anybody's ever had playing the game. So it's going to be interesting, to say the least, I think. I-I know I'm-I'm up for it, though. I was excited to see that we had a box there with some supplies in it.
37. Gervase (4/4): I think Galang is a strong tribe and it's because we have a lot of returning players, but Laura is not Galang. She is now, but she didn't start off that way. I wanted to play with Rupert. I didn't want to play with Laura. If her ass gotta go, good-bye! (blows kiss) Peace! See you later!
38. Laura B (2/3): Joining the returning players' tribe is very intimidating. All these people are the (air quotes) “experts.” So I've got a lot of pressure on my back. I have to show how tough I am and how valuable I am to the tribe.
39. Laura B (3/3): I think there is a expectation that I am like Rupert, but I'm not.
40. Laura M (2/4): Being an experienced player, we know how important it is to have fire. Don't worry about your shelter. Don't worry about anything else because unless you have fire, we are dead in the water. Within fifteen minutes, Tyson went out there and started a fire. It's been nonstop. We're boiling our water. Our canteens are full. We're eating our rice. Morale is good. It's amazing. We're really comfortable at this point.
41. Monica (2/5): I get to play Survivor, not once, but twice, and both times Colton is out here. I mean, he was seen as one of the most vindictive, villainous, mean people to ever play the game.
42. Monica (3/5): I played with him before. He stabbed me in the back. And I'm not going to have happen to me what happened to me before.
43. Monica (4/5): Has he changed? Has he not? I don't know. Does a zebra change their stripes? Am I once again going to be bamboozled? I don't know.
44. Brad (3/11): I have relived Monica's Survivor: One World experience thousands of times with her. You know, suddenly you're dropped off on a beach and it's like, “Whoa, there's nothing here. It's on.” There were some butterflies thinking, “All right, here we go. This is how it's gonna start.”
45. Brad (4/11): So we're all working hard around camp. The boys they're making the shelter. The girls are weaving palm fronds. We have no veterans here so we're all kind of going on what our loved ones told us and basically, it was a bit shocking. We don't know anything. I feel like I could be in trouble. Five minutes into the game, I made a huge blunder about not going 100% to potentially help my wife because now she's now the enemy.
46. Marissa (2/4): Brad said, he's not going to throw a challenge for his wife. But it wasn't an-an apology, exactly. So I feel like he's one that I'm definitely gonna have to keep my eye on and keep him close because he seems like he could be a loose cannon.
47. Brad (5/11): If there's one thing I learned from Monica, she said, "Brad, look, when you play this game, you better hit the ground running. You hit the ground running talking to people. You need to make connections. You need get an alliance fast.”
48. John (4/4): The idea to keep all the five guys together stemmed from Brad. It's not a surprise at all. It's like, “Shocker. The guy who played NFL football wants to keep his locker room together.” But, you know, the more he talks about that kind of stuff and sort of asserts himself as the leader, I mean, the more that could potentially end up biting him in the ass later.
49. Caleb (3/4): When Brad got me by myself, he was pretty much trying to buddy-buddy the, you know, bromance-type thing, you know, all guys to the end, and blah, blah, blah. And I'm thinking “No, you're wanting to get your-yourself and then your wife to the end and whoever she's with.” You know, I mean, I'm not stupid. You know, whatever. You know, I'll agree to anything at this point with him because it's gonna shut him up.
50. Brad (6/11): I got Caleb, I got John, I got Hayden, I got Vytas, and I got me. That's five. Four with nine equals out. But, I'm sorry-- yeah... no... okay. Four with nine equals out. But five with nine equals in. (shrugs)
51. Vytas (3/8): There's no flint and, uh, none of us know how to start a fire without flint. And we can't boil our water. This is a lot. Just building the shelter, putting it together, I can feel the liquid leaving my body and I'm turning into sludge.
52. Ciera (2/2): I actually was a teen mom so I got pregnant when I was seventeen in high school. That was a huge game change for me, and my mom. It was, um, a really hard obstacle for us to get through. Embarrassing for my mom, probably.
53. Vytas (4/8): My addiction impacted my family like, profoundly. Even my relationship with my brother to this day is still, like, not fully mended. So this is a great experience I'm going to get to have with my brother. The fact that we're going on this together is a pretty great, you know, opportunity for us to mend some more.
54. Vytas (5/8): I think in a game where trust is the most important part, I just wanted to share with my tribe my past because, you know, if you really want somebody to trust you, you have to let them in a little bit. And I do want to be vulnerable. Like, show them that part of my past like, makes me stronger.
55. Vytas (6/8): For me, I don't think people that hear about that part about my past are going to think anything less of me. I don't think people are going to see an ex-con that's conniving and a dope fiend that's willing to like, do whatever he can to get what he wants. Like, I've got fourteen years clean and I have a lot of experience away from that. And I do want to show them that there's like, you know, a different part of me than like, just being a yoga teacher. And I think it'll help strengthen the bonds and connections I have with them and we'll be able to get further in this game.
56. Colton (3/5): Last time when I played this game, I had this mask on. I was rude to everyone, I was mean to everyone, and I didn't have kind things to say, and it was all because I was insecure. I actually am trying to find an opportunity to really try to explain to people and get them to understand me.
57. Colton (4/5): I live in the deep South where being gay, it's-it's a cross to bear every single day. When I was growing up, I was the sweetest kid in the world. And, you know, I mean, somewhere along the way, I got tired of being called sissy and faggot, and queer. And so, the struggle was just getting people to understand I'm a living breathing human being just like everybody else.
58. Colton (5/5): The negative experiences that you go through in life, I think, they build you to the person that you are, you know, today. But I'm trying to change. I'm just going in with positive thinking.
59. Monica (5/5): For all of us to judge what decisions he makes is hard. We haven't walked a mile in his shoes, and I don't think it's easy. If he's changed, wouldn't that be a beautiful story? But then again, it's Colton Cumbie.
60. Candice (2/3): I definitely got my feelings hurt by the returning players' tribe, and I'm out for revenge. I'm going to do everything I can to fight and to win this game. I'm really just trying to keep my mind in the game and maintain the camp so that I can stay healthy, hydrated, and ready to beat Rupert.
61. Candice (3/3): Living with Rupert is extremely annoying, to say the least. Rupert mostly is either sleeping or splashing around in the water. I get the coconuts, I get all the firewood, I go get all the water, I tend the fire, I boil the water, I boil the rice, and Rupert enjoys the spoils. It's infuriating, actually.
62. Rupert (6/6): I am not going to do what I've done so many other times. One of the reasons why I've never won an Immunity Challenge is I kill myself out fishing. I kill myself out taking care of my tribe. But this is more individual. And if I'm going to beat Candice, I need every ounce of energy I got. If Candice wants to go out and kill herself gathering wood, and making fire, and keeping it going, and boiling water, and doing everything, great! Burn up her energy. I'm not going to. And I need to have in my head that I will eliminate her.
63. Brad (7/11): So Rachel and I get up and went to check Tree Mail. It was really exciting. It's like, until you've gotten something in Tree Mail you really haven't like, started the game.
64. Laura M (3/4): I feel great going into the challenge. The advantage that we have as returning players is we know you keep your head in it, keep calm, 'cause anything can happen.
65. Katie (2/3): So right away we're trying to think, “Okay, who is the fastest swimmer, who is good at sprinting, who is good at puzzles?” My mom is great at puzzles, too, so she's probably on the puzzle. I'm on the puzzle. So it's going to be the mother-daughter duel.
66. Laura M (4/4): Puzzles are my strength and I have the experience of knowing, “Okay, think outside the box. How can we do this quicker? Moms always say this, "I brought you into this world. I can take you out of this world." As much as I love her, unfortunately, I want to beat my daughter in this game. Sorry, Ciera.
67. Hayden (2/2): They probably have fire because they have experience. We don't, because we're a bunch of meatheads.
68. Brad (8/11): I mean, like Gervase, for him to kind of jump up and down and like, in your face. I was like, “Hey, bozo, your loved one may go home while you're cheering about that.” That's great, you guys beat us, but it's like you're beating your own.
69. Brad (9/11): We lost the challenge and that stinks. I didn't get to where I am in life by losing and I hate to lose.
70. Katie (3/3): After the challenge, I mean, my heart sank down to the floor. It's our first challenge and our first loss. And I knew that I was part of why the team lost. I mean, I got creamed by my mother, and the fact that the three of us, the puzzle people, were the reason that we didn't pull through at the end, you know, that makes me a little nervous because what are we going to judge the votes off of?
71. Marissa (3/4): I definitely think the other tribe was celebrating too much after that win because they are our loved ones. Like, yes, you won, but guess what? You're about to send one of us home. And of course, who are they going to correlate Gervase with? His niece.
72. Brad (10/11): Marissa, before we went to the challenge, she was a little bit off the radar, but there's a side of myself that saw Gervase jumping up and down and kind of in your face, "We won." It's like, she's going home. How do you like them apples?
73. Caleb (4/4): With the puzzle part, it was Ciera, Katie, and me. And Ciera really jumped in, she was-- she was really helpful, and it just seemed like Katie, she was just the extra cook in the kitchen. I don't want to see Katie go, but if the majority's in, then I'm-I'm in with it.
74. Vytas (7/8): The girls probably know that the guys have bonded. I mean, we're not being subtle at all to these women so it's important for me to keep my alliances with the girls strong. I'm going to tell those girls, “Hey, the guys have decided which one will go first, which is what we want.”
75. Vytas (8/8): Let's be honest, it doesn't matter whoever they choose to vote for because the guys have definitely bonded with each other. I mean, I feel bad for the girls, but at this point it'd be foolish to-to try to go against that.
76. Brad (11/11): We're five guys strong. One of the girls has to go. So it may be Marissa. Uh, it may be Katie. To me, they're all equal. The girls are both connected with the other tribe. We've got to start thinking about who we vote out could potentially affect their tribe.
77. Marissa (4/4): I just got blindsided at Tribal. I came in thinking that Katie is a go. No, Marissa was a go. 
78. Marissa (1/1): I just got blindsided at Tribal. I came in thinking that Katie's a go. No, Marissa was a go. And then people had the audacity to put a frowny face next to my name, like they were upset about it. So, I'm really pissed off.
1. Rupert (1/1): Tonight we got a third person in Redemption Island. At least it wasn't Laura that showed up tonight. That was my fear.
3. Laura B (1/1): As soon as Rupert was taken away, and I was by myself, my heart just sunk. But it's been a very peaceful tribe. As far as like, consideration for others, it's been a blessing.
4. Colton (1/8): I thought, like, this whole zen, calm, yoga mentality would be appealing to me. Well, it was for, like, three days. Now I'm over it.
5. Colton (2/8): I don't want to live with these people. I don't want this to be the final nine. Like, I love Caleb with every fiber of my being, and I... I just need to get to him.
6. Aras (1/2): I had really hoped that Colton had seen the way he played and he changed but you can only fake it for so long. You know, you come out here and you can fake who you are for four days, five days, and then the elements get to you and your true personality emerges.
7. Colton (3/8): Strategy? What is strategy? We are a unit. We are unity. We are peace. We are zen. We are stupid!
8. Brad (1/2): We feel great this morning. We got flint last night. It was unfortunate we had to lose a tribe member to get the flint, but we got the flint. Kind of showed some of the guys how to use the Hawaiian sling and, uh, we got some fish. “Give a man a fish he eats for a day, teach a man to fish and your whole tribe eats,” something like that.
9. Rachel (1/3): I miss Tyson right now but I have a good feeling that I'm more at risk in this game right now than Tyson is. I think alliances are just starting to form. I think there's a lot more going on than what it looks like just at camp.
10. Rachel (2/3): I'm a girl. In this tribe, I'm a minority, and I am living in a man's world right now which is why my strategy is to really play it cool with the guys, being with the guys and try to just work with them.
11. Ciera (1/2): The fact that Rachel is not strategizing with the girls at this point, who you kind of assume she would be closest with, is really fishy to me, and I'm 75% confident that Rachel and John have an alliance. I've definitely taken it upon myself to-to let people know, “John has an alliance in the tribe.” So it puts a big red flag on John, which is great for me because the red flag is not on me.
12. John (1/7): This game is crazy. The whole tribe is going to Redemption Island. I'm pumped I get to see Candice but, uh, it's gonna be tough for me emotionally. Uh, I've-I've been wrestling with a lot of-- a lot of difficult feelings of guilt. If Candice looks at me and smiles and says she loves me, like, honestly, that would take, like, this weight that's, like, crushing my heart right now. It would just, like, throw it off.
13. John (2/7): I am so pumped that Candice kicked so much ass. I had all these guilty feelings and she just, like, took them right off the table. She doesn't hold me not switching with her against me at all. Then, you know, I have a clue to the Hidden Immunity Idol. This is, like, incredible.
14. John (3/7): I can't even explain the amount of pride and happiness I had in seeing Candice just, like, dominate. I want to have as many weak people around Candice as humanly possible. So if both people out there just suck and are weak in challenges, then I'm happy.
15. John (4/7): But a selfish reason I have for not wanting to vote Rachel out is that, if in fact Tyson does switch places with her, then he's going against Candice at Redemption Island, and I would like to have that not happen.
16. Brad (2/2): John is with us and I like the kid. I think he is solid. I think it's good for him to have the clue because getting the clue in front of everybody is a curse and a blessing. I mean, it's a blessing in the sense you've got an opportunity to find the idol. It's a curse in the sense that you have a target.
17. John (5/7): I have a decision point to make. You know, there's a fork in the road. Do I go this way and tell the guys in my alliance or do I find a way to run off in secret and find the Hidden Immunity Idol myself? I think I'm gonna kind of be private about it and make sure that I'm the only one who can find it.
18. Colton (4/8): I feel like I'm in middle school again. I mean, I don't mind, like, campfire-side chats or whatever, but it's, like, that's all they want to do. Do you think this is, like, a Y.M.C.A. camping trip where we talk about how we want to improve ourselves? Well, you know what? I want to improve myself by winning a million dollars.
19. Colton (5/8): It's not hard for me to, like, twist the story and lie to someone, you know, to benefit me in this game. If I can get all of this zen and zan out of here, I can run this show.
20. Kat (1/1): I do not want to play against Colton. I can't have him against me 'cause he will turn on me. He loves that stuff, like, he thrives on that and it's sick.
21. Colton (6/8): When I'm angry, I turn into, like, a raging bitch, and hopefully, this camp will erupt into chaos because if there's one thing I know, I can rule in chaos.
22. Tina (1/1): So this is what Survivor 27 looks like? There is just so much drama. You don't want to deal with drama for 39 days.
23. Tyson (1/1): That fight was awesome. I think it's interesting with Colton. I think he came out here wanting to be different than the person he was and he pretended to be for, like, a day and a half or something, but now you look at him and you're, like, he's going to end up overthinking himself out of the game probably.
24. Colton (7/8): I hope we go to the Immunity Challenge tomorrow and get slaughtered. These people need to experience Tribal Council and realize this is a game. This isn't “National Lampoon's Horrible Vacation."
25. Colton (8/8): I woke up this morning, and everyone's being super sketchy and I don't know why. I don't know if the vibe-- if the vibe has gotten thrown off or what exactly is going on.
26. Monica (1/2): I like Colton, but for the first time in my life, I came to play for me. And that Monica that's just going to sit in mediocrity, she died in Samoa.
27. Aras (2/2): I have seen a side of Colton that is nasty. What he did to Kat last night at our camp was bullying, and if he did it to Kat, he can do it to Tyson, he can do it to Aras, he can do it to Gervase. And so at a certain point, you have to say, “I don't want to play with that person.”
28. Monica (2/2): A new alliance has formed and it is Tyson, Aras, Gervase, Tina, and me. And I feel really good about this alliance. You know, wisdom is experience, and everybody in this alliance of five that I have, have had a lot of life experience.
29. Katie (1/1): We really needed this challenge, not because of the fishing gear, but really needed the Immunity Idol. We don't want to send anyone home. There's three girls left. We have lots of guys, lots of brawn, but there's only us three girls. The guys could pick us off if they wanted to. Hopefully, they want to keep me around. I don't want to see the other girls go but there's only one person who wins the game and I have to do what I have to do to win.
30. John (6/7): The consensus is Rachel because they're all concerned about Tyson and that maybe Tyson will take Rachel's spot at Redemption Island, and thereby weaken their tribe. But from a personal standpoint, I don't really want to have Rachel go to Redemption Island, and then have Tyson switch places with her because then Tyson's competing against Candice.
31. Vytas (1/2): Does John have more allegiance to the five guys or does John have more allegiance to Rachel? Doubts have arisen because of his extreme hesitancy to vote her out. This early in the game to have doubts arise is not a good thing.
32. Ciera (2/2): I am freaked out. John told me that he was going to tell Rachel to vote me, and don't worry about it because we're all voting Rachel. Well, that's too sketchy for me.
33. John (7/7): This is not the vote that I really want to make. I didn't want Rachel to go and I'm disagreeing with the other guys in my alliance about that. I don't want my alliance not to trust me because I was very publicly given a clue to the Hidden Immunity Idol. I haven't found it yet but I don't necessarily need them having feelings of doubt when it comes to my faith in the alliance.
34. Hayden (1/1): John's kind of hiding the idol clue, not really filling everybody in. We all know he's looking for it. It-it makes you a little weary. You know, right now, John is with the five guys. (air quotes) Well, we'll see how long he stays that way.
35. Vytas (2/2): I don't want to be the one that says, “Let's break up the five guys,” first. But to be honest, we should vote John because he could've found the idol. Just, like, his energy and his resourcefulness, like, I totally think that he could possibly have the the idol, and if somebody starts to show signs that they're willing to do their own thing and go against the group, then get him out now. Blindside him now.
36. Rachel (3/3): At Tribal tonight, I got voted out. It wasn't a huge surprise to me.
1. Colton (1/2): These people are nothing like the people I played with in One World. No one wants to talk about strategy. I mean, it's, like, they just all wanna sit around and hear each others' life stories. And I'm so frustrated because it's, like, I love the strategy component of this game and apparently, that's threatening to people and I think that's why they're scared of me.
2. Aras (1/2): Colton is a poison out here and he's poisoning everyone's mind. He doesn't get this game. He thinks this game is about creating chaos so he might have dug his grave.
3. Colton (2/2): I know that my days in this game are numbered. You know, unless you've got people that are willing to roll with you, there's not a lot you can do.
4. Tyson (1/3): (tearfully) It was hard to see Rachel at Redemption. I knew she was going to be there. It was the only move for them that made sense, really, if they wanted to try and win challenges. So now I have to get all the way to the end or I would regret not stepping in for Rachel. When she lost and I got to hug her, I asked her if she had fun and she said she did and for me that was enough. Because it is a game, you know? Too many people take it too serious and it shouldn't be. And it ruins their lives and it makes them angry and a good example of that is Colton.
5. Tyson (2/3): Right now, being here with Monica is a little weird. I mean, who wouldn't be bothered by that? You know, I know her husband was the main reason that Rachel got voted out but he doesn't know how to play the game. All he's doing is creating a larger target on his back.
6. Brad (1/3): At Redemption Island, we walk in and all of a sudden, wham! Tyson started blaming me for getting rid of his girl. And then Marissa directed some vulgarities towards me, about me being some kingpin leader over here and I'm, you know, ruling the roost and making all the decisions. I am but I'm making everyone else feel that decisions are being made as a group, not by me. So, I'm not worried about me at all.
7. John (1/5): Candice kicked ass again at the duel which was great for me because I got another clue to the Immunity Idol. And, you know, it's sort of a double-edged sword because everyone's gonna assume that I found the Hidden Immunity Idol so I'm gonna have a target on my back whether I find it or not. Originally, I wasn't going to tell anybody about the clue but I like Brad a lot and I didn't want him to think I was being really shady and start being paranoid about our alliance.
8. Brad (2/3): At this point, I've got such a good relationship with John, he actually told me the clue to the Hidden Immunity Idol. And I wanted to help him find it but John said we probably shouldn't go together 'cause it's going to seem too obvious. And I'm thinking, “Hmm, you know, okay, I don't know what this really means. Does he trust me or not?” This is going to be a litmus test with John and I. Is John with me? Is he my guy or is he not? Because if he doesn't trust me, I don't know if I can trust him.
9. Aras (2/2): We get Tree Mail and this is huge because my brother has been a bully in my life, to put it really simply. When I was a kid, my brother never looked out for me. It's always been mom's not looking so if he could get a punch in, he was going to take it. But this is a chance for us to compete on an even playing field.
10. Vytas (1/3): I can't say that I was a great older brother to Aras but the truth is he's always been a little more athletic, a little stronger, a little bigger than me. Like, you know, he got best body in high school, like, college scholarship to play basketball, you know, like, he was-- he's the golden child. He always wins. Won Survivor, won a million dollars and I'm, like, “Finally for once, like, can I win, please?” This is my chance, you know, I gotta beat him at something.
11. Tyson (3/3): When Hayden hit me I knew that I'd hurt myself. I really couldn't move it at all and I thought my whole game is screwed.
12. John (2/5): Ciera lost to her mom and, I mean, they're a team of, like, mothers and grandmothers. Very, very frustrating.
13. Vytas (2/3): I knew going into that challenge if it was going to be me against Aras that the cards were stacked against me. I wanted to go up against him in hopes that maybe something about, you know, the balance or maybe he wasn't eating as much as I had been, but not only did he win but he won even after I gave him a little bit of a cheap shot.
14. John (3/5): Tadhana's lost three straight Immunity Challenges and it's just so frustrating and now it's like we got these two girls who I-I like very much but, like, you know, if we're going to win challenges we can't have people, like, giggling and laughing as we're losing. I mean, it's completely asinine.
15. John (4/5): We have the five guy alliance so I'm not that worried about tonight. It's going to be Ciera going home but you have to be careful because this is Survivor, so I have two clues to a Hidden Immunity Idol and if I can just find the thing, I'll put myself in a really good position.
16. Brad (3/3): Coming back from the challenge, my whole perspective changed. That's when the light bulb went, bing! 'Cause here's the deal, I'm running our tribe right now, but John's wife, Candice, is kicking it at Redemption Island and let's say she gets back in the game. If we go to a merge and they're reconnected, Brad doesn't control John anymore, Candice controls John. And I'm just kicked to the curb and I'm second fiddle.
17. Hayden (1/2): We've been sticking to the five guys alliance and then all of a sudden, Brad is like, “Boom! We're going to get rid of John right now.” Like, “Big move.” And I was kind of shocked. It's been five guys since Day 1 and if we're voting one out now it could be like opening Pandora's Box. I mean, it really could build distrust moving forward.
18. Vytas (3/3): So Brad mentioned that he wants to be the one guy that doesn't vote for John and I'm just not down with it. If we're going to make a move like this, we gotta suck it up and do it and say, “Hey, we all did it together.” But Brad doesn't want to be the bad guy. He orchestrated it all but he wants us to do the dirty work which makes Brad a big target in my eyes just to see, like, that level of shiestiness.
19. Ciera (1/1): I feel like every Tribal so far I've been on the chopping block, so if the boys are willing to vote out Brad, I would definitely do the same. I've always said anybody but me. I don't care who, you know, who it is.
20. Hayden (2/2): There's a lot of stuff going on. Brad thinks John is a threat, but now I'm starting to think Brad's equally dangerous. So tonight is a huge decision for us and I don't know what's going to happen. But one thing's for sure, it's going to be a (pops) big blindside.
21. John (5/5): No clue that was coming tonight. I feel like there was so much wool pulled over my eyes and I just bought it hook, line, and sinker. 
1. John (1/2): I'm completely shocked. No clue that was coming tonight. Uh, Brad told me we were close and... I sort of believed him, sort of didn't, you know, but he reassured me enough that I felt comfortable it wasn't going to be me tonight.
2. Candice (1/3): I'm disappointed. I wi-- I wish I could've been there to give him more pointers and to keep him on his toes but he's so trusting and I love that about him, but it doesn't help you win Survivor.
3. Brad (1/3): When we blindsided John tonight, I spearheaded this thinking of the future. If this were Survivor 26 or Survivor 25, we just stayed five guys all the way though. But this is Survivor 27, loved ones. John had no connection on the other side and we need to think about connections so that when there's a merge, the couples can become a unified power.
4. Caleb (1/5): Brad says it does make sense to keep people around that do have a loved one. I'm a little bit more vulnerable because I have no loved one. Everybody left on this tribe has a loved one except for me. You know, who knows what's going to happen but I can-- I can definitely see myself in trouble.
5. Aras (1/1): Everybody recognizes at this point that when you get that Hidden Immunity Idol clue, target's on your back. Monica very smartly burned it.
6. Monica (1/2): Why not? Why not just throw it away? I'm in a good position over here but it worries me that constantly, when I go to duels, people are so aggressive towards my husband.
7. John (2/2): The silver lining to getting voted off my tribe and sent to Redemption Island is that I came out into this game to play with Candice. In a weird way, I should thank Brad and the rest of my tribe for giving me the opportunity to hang out here with my wife on this beautiful beach and still be in the game and all I have to do is win duels and then I get back in.
8. Candice (2/3): This will be a fun story to tell the kids one day. And, in the end, if he wins, fabulous. If I win, fabulous.
9. Monica (2/2): Is there ever gonna be a duel that my husband is not verbally accosted by a bunch of people that don't even know him? You know, leaders have followers, and if that's the case then somebody's buying what he's selling. But Brad is the strongest one out here. If he makes it to the merge I won't believe it.
10. Gervase (1/2): I guess you don't want to believe that your loved one could be the one that is the bad guy, (air quotes) quote/unquote, that's getting rid of people. But somebody has to be over there. One of our loved ones is running the show. I know it's not mine's so (chuckles) it's somebody else's.
11. Brad (2/3): Today was a rough day. I wasn't expecting Candice to be so, uh, personal. Everyone just assumes if somebody is voted off the island that I'm the Grand Poobah. I mean, it's just natural for me to kind of lead my family and I have become leader of this group. Thinking ahead, should we lose the next challenge, Caleb is unconnected, and I could send a message to the other side that we're wanting to play ball with you guys and get some connections over there as we have connections here. And it also takes some heat off me at Redemption Island. If Caleb rolls out there in-- on the Arena floor nobody's going to be screaming at me.
12. Caleb (2/5): Brad is public enemy number one. We see that every time we've been to Redemption Island.
13. Caleb (3/5): If we do lose and we have to go to Tribal Council, it's going to be one of the girls going out. I think me, Hayden and Vytas are pretty solid. Brad's bottom guy on the totem pole.
14. Tyson (1/4): I hurt my shoulder at the Immunity Challenge. Every day it gets a little bit better but I do like to play it up a little bit 'cause then I have to do less work around camp. Hopefully, that also keeps them in sympathy with me.
15. Tyson (2/4): Me and Gervase, we have a cool thing going now where we'll sneak off and drink a couple of coconuts. We've been opening them a different way so people wouldn't recognize that we've been chopping 'em. I would really like to keep eating those coconuts. I can't wait til they bring all those coconuts down and just examine each and every one of 'em.
16. Gervase (2/2): Rupert's Laura, cannot get coconut off the brain. I thought our cover was blown right then and there. I'm like, “Oh, man. How are we going to explain this one off?” And then Monica is like, “It's probably a crab,” and I'm like, “Thank you, Monica!” So far, so good. “Operation Coconut” is still running smooth. If everybody knew about it, somebody's gonna get pissed, so I'm keeping this to ourselves. Me and Tyson, who would've thought?
17. Tyson (3/4): I'm definitely with Gervase right now. If that lasts through to the finals, so be it. It would definitely be in Gervase's best interest to stick with me as well because we both lost our loved one in the game, Aras still has his and if Vytas makes it to the merge, he would work with Vytas. They're obviously the strongest cumulatively, so to have them both, I think it's a huge danger.
18. Tyson (4/4): My shoulder does still hurt but it is getting better every day. So the thing is, I'm better than most everybody on my tribe with one arm, so... I wanna win.
19. Laura M (1/1): I want Ciera to succeed 'cause you want your kids to succeed so bad and you want them to win, but yet I have a tribe of people that are counting on me as well. I knew she couldn't beat me, and, um, she could be going home.
20. Hayden (1/1): Unbelievable. We haven't won yet. I mean, we suck. And it's so disheartening, too because clearly, we're a bigger, stronger, more athletic team, but today we lost to a one armed dude and three moms. That's brutal. Brutal!
21. Ciera (1/2): After a loss, there's always a routine. The guys will go (air quotes) get water which is code for: “Go strategize against the girls,” and then the girls make rice, which is code for: “How do we save our asses?” Today though, was interesting.
22. Ciera (2/2): Brad said, “I'm voting Caleb.” So then I'm like, “Okay. Well, Brad could be telling the truth or he might not be,” but I'm gonna act like I believe him. I, you know, I sat there and said, “Yes, I believe you 100%,” but really, do I?
23. Caleb (4/5): That's the second puzzle that Ciera has not be that strong on and Hayden, Vytas, and myself were all on board with voting for Ciera. That's what we went to discuss. And then, you know, when Brad never showed up behind us, I started thinking, “What kind of stunt could Brad be working on?” Because we all went to the well and Brad stayed behind with the two girls, so it's just kind of a little fishy. We just got rid of John, so as easy as it went down from five guys to four guys it could just as easily go down to three guys.
24. Caleb (5/5): Where I don't trust Brad 100% I feel confident in Hayden and Vytas that they're gonna have my back. So, Ciera sounds good to me.
25. Brad (3/3): As the de facto leader over here I gotta make some decisions. So I talked to both girls, they're obviously in for voting off Caleb. But Ciera was terrible on the challenge. Getting rid of her is going to make this tribe stronger. You know, going beyond all the love connections and-and everything else, I also want to make the tribe strong. So, I'm not worried about Redemption Island and-and the heat I will take. I'm sure tomorrow if Ciera shows up, I'll take heat from her mom. It doesn't matter, Ciera is going home.
26. Candice (3/3): I was dead asleep and I hear the sweetest voice I ever wanted to hear on Redemption Island, Brad Culpepper. Now, I'll have my chance to put him out of the game for good. 
1. Ciera (1/4): What the heck?! Tribal was unreal. Now I kinda see that Hayden and Vytas had no clue that Caleb was gonna do that. So if I can get Caleb to switch over with me and Katie, me and Katie have the numbers. But either way, I’m happy to be here another day.
2. Caleb (1/2): You know, going into Tribal, I thought, “I don’t really feel good about Brad anymore, I’ll never trust him again.” So I just... I just brought it out.
3. Hayden (1/1): Caleb pulled a fast one and in doing so, kinda, like, screwed me and Vytas. I don’t know if that means now he’s with the girls, and Vytas and I are on the outs. I have no clue where I stand right now in the tribe.
4. Brad (1/1): Well, Caleb made a good move. Kudos to him. He knows the game. I guess he learned a little bit from Colton. I was a little bit nervous, ‘cause I knew John and Candice were here. I’d blindsided John and Candice had choice words for me the last time I saw her.
5. Candice (1/2): I was dead asleep and I hear the sweetest voice I ever wanted to hear on Redemption Island: Brad Culpepper.
6. John (1/1): I expected to see Brad on Redemption Island at some point. People make decisions, they try to make bold moves, and sometimes it bites them in the ass. And it looks like it did bite Brad in the ass, so at least I feel a little bit of vindication there.
7. Candice (2/2): Brad came in, trying to say, you know, “No hard feelings,” but his wife voted me out on Day 1 and he voted John out when John trusted him. So, I have no love for him. Brad can say all he wants, but in this game, it’s kill or be killed and he’s on our island now, Redemption Island. So I have my chance to put him out of the game for good.
8. Laura M (1/3): In this game of Survivor, you need to get a group of people that you trust and you need to get people to like you. And that’s what I’m trying to do in this game. I like Aras and we like being around each other because we can just calm each other. I hope that Aras has the same feeling and has the same trust in me that I have in him.
9. Aras (1/4): I think Laura M somehow thinks that she’s playing me by cuddling up next to me, which couldn’t be further from the truth. I’m not thinking, “Okay, thanks for flirting with me, now I’m gonna go ahead and keep you in my alliance.” Right now, essentially my core alliance is me, Monica, Tina, Tyson, Gervase. So that’s three people that aren’t in the five: Kat, Laura B and Laura M I think Laura M – she’s smart, she’s perceptive, I think she knows that she’s on the outs so she’s doing whatever she can to get herself in the good graces of the people she thinks will help her get further in the game.
10. Laura B (1/3): Ah, night time at camp. Um, all of the veterans on the tribe have this unspoken bond. They’ve all done Survivor before. I have not. I’m still slowly getting to know everyone. I don’t have that total emotional connection that they all have and I still do kind of feel like the outsider. You know, the new girl in town. Makes this game very difficult.
11. Monica (1/2): Today was probably the most demoralized I’ve been out here. I didn’t think Brad was going to be there. But he’ll be fine. He’ll pull himself up by his bootstraps and he’ll come off that Redemption Island and we can meet up and scramble our way to the end.
12. Tina (1/3): Brad and Monica are a very tight couple and that’s very threatening.
13. Tina (2/3): I think Monica’s realizes she doesn’t have her guy out here as a back-up anymore, so I think she’s gonna step up her gameplay a little bit.
14. Tina (3/3): I can’t say I 100% trust Monica. She’s either going to be a big threat or she's going to be a great asset. I just haven’t determined which one of those she is yet.
15. Ciera (2/4): The game of Survivor has so many layers to it. I mean, there’s the basic layer of, um, having to survive, you know, having to find food, having to find shelter, dealing with the heat. I haven’t, you know, brushed my teeth and then to have on top of that, injuries, whether, you know, scrapes on our legs. Um, I’m covered in bug bites-- I’ve never had so many on-on my face, on my neck, on my back. We’re beat up. I don’t know if it could get any worse. At this point, we’re losing, we’re, you know, slowly our bodies are, like, disintegrating. We’ve had it rough!
16. Katie (1/1): From wearing wet shoes all the time, I got tinea. It’s like Athlete’s Foot. So, it burns. You get, like, little sores and they can be very painful when you walk. And, like, it gets under your toenails.
17. Ciera (3/4): I feel like she could break her toes off. That’s what it looks like. They’re red, they’re crusty. Her nail-- her toenails are falling off.
18. Vytas (1/3): I mean, it’s not something I choose to look at, because I just, like, sickens me a little bit, but I feel bad for the girl. We’re all kinda licking our wounds, our egos are still a little bit bruised from all this losing and if we keep losing, you know, how do I align myself at this point? Like, how is this gonna shake out? And how do I make sure to come out on the other side as unscathed as possible? There’s no point in this game where anybody will ever be a 100% with Caleb after what he did. I mean, somebody that can turn on a dime like that, as Caleb did in Tribal Council, you know, voting out Brad, is somebody that you have to really finesse and make sure that they feel okay emotionally.
19. Vytas (2/3): I can read people pretty well, but I can’t quite get a read on Caleb. You know, this quiet woodsman from Alabama. So it’s important right now that I ensure Caleb is still with me so, you know, like, of course I’m trying to be nice to Caleb.
20. Caleb (2/2): Now after blindsiding Brad, I’m in a position where I can swing with the girls or I can swing with the guys. Do I feel powerful now? I think the word is, I’ve heard, “Big Kahunas.” (chuckles) So yeah, I mean, I think I hold a lot of power with my vote. You know, it’s good to be the swing vote.
21. Vytas (3/3): Since we voted Brad out, it’s been so peaceful. It’s just a different energy around camp. I like hearing the nature. I like enjoying this lagoon. And Brad... a lot of the noise he came with, like kind of polluted it. Just enjoying this peace and quiet is-is great, man. I’ve never been anywhere more beautiful.
22. Ciera (4/4): I’m so nervous going into the challenge. We lose the challenge today and to have to come back here, it’s scramble-time again, because every single week I haven’t stepped up and this is my last shot. But to win this next challenge would just be sweet and perfect timing for us. Perfect timing!
23. Laura B (2/3): It is my first Tribal Council. These guys have experienced it, you know, so there’s the nerves. First of all, going to Tribal Council and then the nerves of "Oh, my God, it could be me!" The first tribe ousted me right away and who’s to say this tribe won’t too.
24. Laura B (3/3): So, today my, uh, strategy is just being very aware, keeping my eyes open all the time on who’s with who, what’s going on, you know, and just trying to mix it up.
25. Kat (1/1): Laura B – I was like, “What are you talking about?” I looked to my left, I look at Tyson, he’s baffled. When you know someone’s at the bottom, all you can do is just accommodate their conversation. Make them feel better. She’s at the bottom, so she’s going to say whatever she wants to say.
26. Tyson (1/1): We have the core alliance of me, Aras, Gervase, Tina and Monica. We’re a solid five. Kat also feels like she’s in that alliance of five. And Laura Morett has no clue what alliance is going on. But right now, the plan is to vote out someone that everybody is super annoyed with and that’s Laura B
27. Laura M (2/3): Aras is the one that I completely, explicitly trust in this game. We don’t talk a lot of strategy, we don’t need to. Drop a name, tell me who it is and let’s go. Let’s do this.
28. Aras (2/4): Laura B is a very easy vote-out. Everyone feels uncomfortable with her. But right now, easy votes are often the dumbest votes in this game. You-- just ‘cause it’s easy doesn’t mean you should do it.
29. Aras (3/4): Right now, Monica’s got her husband on Redemption Arena and if Brad should lose at Redemption Arena and not come back in this game, she’s a wonderful asset to have, ‘cause she has nowhere to go. Laura M’s great at challenges, she’s great in puzzles. If she goes to Redemption Arena and knocks out Brad, then Monica is ours. So, Laura M just seems like the best choice right now.
30. Monica (2/2): Laura Morett’s name is being thrown around. Could she beat Brad at Redemption Island? That’s my worry. It’s an odd position that I’m in. Laura B would be an easy win at Redemption Island for Brad. Laura M, she’s gonna be a challenge.
31. Aras (4/4): Tonight, I want Laura M to go home. But it’s not only my decision. It’s the tribe’s decision. And people on my tribe know that I’m playing the game and the more that I try to manipulate a vote, the more danger I put myself in.
32. Laura M (3/3): I was absolutely shocked, blindsided. I trusted some people in the game that I shouldn’t have been trusting, but I’m still in the game. The game is not over. I gotta keep my wits about me. I have to win the duel. 
1. Laura B (1/3): We just got back from my first Tribal Council and I’m back! I’m back home. It wasn’t me. My name was written down, but we all had a unanimous vote to vote out Laura M tonight. Rupert gave up his game to let me play. Ha, I think he’s going to be so proud of me.
2. Aras (1/3): Laura M looked me dead in the eye as she realized it was her and she was very angry. I got my fingers crossed that she’s gonna take the noble approach to Redemption Arena, but unfortunately, Redemption Arena has become a place to besmirch people’s character.
3. Aras (2/3): Unfortunately, it looks like I’m the ringleader and that’s never a good thing. You never want to be at the top. I don’t know how to get out of that position. I’m in it, I have one foot in front of the other and tread carefully, I suppose.
4. Tyson (1/5): I really do like Aras. He’s a great guy, he’s funny. He’s a little out-there on his, uh, zen-type beliefs because I just have zero beliefs, except for magic. I believe in magic, it’s awesome. But people like Aras, they do. That’s the tricky part, when to dethrone King Aras?
5. Gervase (1/3): Right now, Aras is the leader here. He’s kind of running the show and Tyson has brought up some good points that we may only have one more challenge left before this merger and that’s gonna be our last chance to get rid of Aras.
6. Gervase (2/3): I absolutely screwed up in my first season being a chess piece and that won’t happen this time. Just to be looked at as a player who played it twice and didn’t play it, I think would kill me more than anything. I think the power couple out here is me and Tyson.
7. Monica (1/4): I am going to have to do this all by myself. Now that I don’t have Brad anymore to soften whatever blows or to help me out or to have my back, I have to think about me. That’s it.
8. Aras (3/3): I have worked really hard the first 14 days of this game and a tribe switch puts all that in jeopardy. I hope I have enough people on my side with this switch that I’m not on the chopping block.
9. Caleb (1/1): You know, coming back from Redemption Island with three new tribemates is... it’s a little different. You know, you don’t know really what to expect. Now it’s three-three. It evens the playing field over here that if we were to lose a challenge and go to Tribal Council, well, are we three going to stick together? Are they three gonna stick together? And what information are they gonna give you about what went on over there and how much information are you gonna share about what went on over here?
10. Gervase (3/3): As soon as we got here, we tried to do a little bit of fishing to find out what was really going on in their tribe. And, um, I don’t know if Tadhana really realized that that’s what we were doing, but they started giving up the goods.
11. Tyson (2/5): Hayden and Caleb gave the clue to the Hidden Immunity Idol to me. Is it just ‘cause they’re new guys here or they haven’t played the game before? I don’t know. Stupid will be stupid.
12. Hayden (1/1): Three big dudes, they show up at our house. They start going through the cupboards, taking our seasoning, like, you know, eating our food. And I’m-I'm-- (sighs) in the back of my mind, I’m thinking, “That’s my stuff, dude!” I want to smack their hand and say, you know, “Find your own food,” but you just can't-- you can’t do that.
13. Tyson (3/5): There are social faux pas to the game of Survivor and one of them is eating more food than everybody else. But if you just come in and pretend like, yeah, everyone just cracks open a coconut whenever they want, everybody just eats a banana whenever they want. It doesn’t have to be fair. It’s definitely a goal to eat and steal as much food as I can from this tribe and, uh, I’m gonna keep eating that food ‘til it’s gone. You do have to do a certain amount of work or appear to be working so that people just don’t paint you as the lazy guy. I don’t think I’m painted as the lazy guy yet, ‘cause after I crack a coconut and drink half of it, I pass the rest around to the other five people to share. So, that’s kind of generous of me to do.
14. Tina (1/3): Oh my goodness, it's so wonderful to have Katie. This is a dream come true. That first night, I thought this might be the only night she and I spend together and here we are, together again and to be able to play this game with her and as-- play as a team is just wonderful. ‘Cause now, you switch. I’ve been playing water and now I can play blood.
15. Vytas (1/5): I was really disappointed with what happened. I mean, I came from a place where I was like, pretty much in control of my destiny to a place where I have zero control. I mean, you could say, yeah, two of us came over to a group of four. But it’s not that simple, because one of us that came over is the daughter of one of the four. You know, so you take Katie with Tina. There’s me, and there's five girls. You know, so I’m the odd man out.
16. Kat (1/4): I’m in an alliance with Tina, Monica, Laura B and Katie. But Monica will not stop strategizing. She’s driving me crazy. When you have an alliance, don’t over-- strategize. All that does is put heat on your back. You want to learn how to play Survivor? Shut it!
17. Tyson (4/5): Before the tribe swap, Gervase and I had decided that getting rid of Aras might be a wise move. So now, I just make it look like he’s bossing everybody around, taking charge and doing whatever he wants. You know, I’ll apologize for him constantly. I’m always like, “Oh, sorry about Aras. He's... kinda doesn’t know he’s socially unaware,” and make sure people know that between him and I, he’s the one in charge.
18. Tyson (5/5): I’m out here to play, and I have to use my brain. So, hopefully the target will be a little bit smaller on me and maybe a little bit larger on Aras. I have to do everything I can to get to Day 39.
19. Vytas (2/5): It is me and five women on the new Galang tribe and, uh, there’s not a lot of play for me coming in here. Basically, these women have bonded and so I’m at the mercy of them.
20. Vytas (3/5): I don’t know that much about women, but I do know that when I’m a little bit vulnerable with women, you know, it goes a long way. You know, so me opening up and letting them know a little bit about my past could keep me around.
21. Laura B (2/3): Hearing Vytas admit that he had a really hard time with the heroin addiction was very powerful. That’s a neat part of a man that can share his emotions and his feelings, you know? It reminds me of Rupert.
22. Laura B (3/3): I love Vytas. I mean, I feel connected to him already. But I’ve got to keep my heart out of it. I-I like him a lot, but Vytas and Aras, you know, could take this whole game.
23. Vytas (4/5): On the inside, I’m so frustrated with Tina and Laura B I would have never made a mistake like that. I should have gone first. I should-- something should have happened different, but I-I can’t act out on that.
24. Vytas (5/5): It took everything in me to not let them know how I actually felt about the mistakes they made because being a man in the midst of only women, whatever they choose to do is gonna go down. If I go home ‘cause they want me to go home, there’s nothing I can do.
25. Kat (2/4): We’re gonna eliminate Vytas tonight, but the more I think about it, what we need to do is take out the person that won’t stop talking. Monica can’t stop talking. Every single time I catch her, she’s always strategizing. When you look like you’re over-strategizing in front of your alliance, that’s when you get in trouble and I’m about to kick you out of this game if you don’t stop talking.
26. Tina (2/3): We all know why it’s a good idea to stay with the plan, let all the girls stick together, and get rid of the guy. Well, Kat’s already wanting to switch that up and send Monica home. So Kat’s loyalty, I don’t feel like is as strong and that’s just information that needs to be out there for everybody to know.
27. Monica (2/4): I was totally on board that it would be Vytas. But if I’m hearing that Kat’s gunning for me, I need to do what’s best for Monica.
28. Monica (3/4): I know my name’s been thrown out there, I’ve asked her to tell me the truth and she won’t. If somebody is gunning for me, which I can feel it, I can sense it in Kat that she is, it doesn’t make sense to keep ‘em around.
29. Kat (3/4): Monica’s very dangerous because when she strategizes, people actually might listen to her. So my back’s up against the wall. I’m gonna do everything I can to stay here and that’s it. So if Vytas has to go home tonight, he’s gonna have to go home. It’s how the nature of the game goes.
30. Monica (4/4): I teach my kids, “Do unto others as you would want them to do unto you.” But you know what? In Survivor, I figured it out. It’s “do unto others before they do unto you.” If somebody’s gunning for me, I’m writing their name down and I’m trying to corral and persuade everybody in this tribe to do the same thing.
31. Tina (3/3): We have to make a decision tonight. Who does it make sense to send? Kat or Vytas? I think it’s a good idea to stay with the plan, which is to vote for Vytas. But Kat’s loyalty... I’m not so sure about that. Who should go? Honestly, it is a coin toss. It is fifty-fifty.
32. Kat (4/4): At Tribal today, I got eliminated, but I’m worried about Hayden. I’m worried that he’s gonna be disappointed in me and God forbid this does anything to our relationship ‘cause from a scale of one to ten on coolness, I just got a negative two.
1. Kat (1/3): So at Tribal I got eliminated. Apparently, we had an issue with trust. Monica was feeling a little bit on the outs, so was Laura B and that was the perfect place for Vytas to kinda swoop in for the kill, and here I am.
2. Kat (2/3): There are things that I wish I could take back, but I’m not out yet. I still have a lot left in me, and I’m gonna do everything I can to make sure that I win however many duels that I have to stay here.
3. Kat (3/3): (tearfully) I don’t think I played the right way. I wouldn’t be here if I did. I know I’m not out of the game yet, but I feel like Hayden will be embarrassed that I'm here and I didn’t play better or try harder. He’s going to be so upset. I don’t want him to be ashamed of me, ‘cause I really care about him. And it’s just been really hard without him, ‘cause we’re like a team. He’s my best friend. And I just hope that I can go into the duel and I hope that I can win and Hayden will be by my side still.
4. Hayden (1/3): (tearfully) I feel responsible. In Redemption, I could trade places with Kat... and I didn’t. At the time, you think, “Yeah it’s the best decision.” But then as soon as I made it, I regretted it. You know, you feel guilty or responsible, ‘cause, like, Kat is a little naive sometimes and doesn’t always know (chuckles) which way is up... and I’m the one that, like, helps her, you know? I was in a position to help her. I didn’t do it when I could have. It’s, like, not something that I’m proud of, you know?
5. Hayden (2/3): With Kat being gone, I mean, you do feel a little bit of relief ‘cause I can play my game. I don’t have to worry about somebody else. I’m only looking out for me now. So I can play a little bit more cutthroat if I have to. In fact, I think it could strengthen my relationship with this tribe, ‘cause the majority of the tribe over here, they don’t have loved ones. And it’s kinda one more thing that we all have in common, except Aras.
6. Aras (1/1): I couldn’t have asked for a better situation when I came here to have two of the people that I was really, really tight with, Gervase and Tyson, come on over to this side. And obviously, Vytas is my core partner at the end of the day. So when we get back together, I feel like we have a really dominant position in the game. I just need to let go, listen, be intuitive and I’ll be guided to the right places. So every day when I meditate, I visualize Jeff’s voice saying, “And the winner of Survivor: Blood vs. Water: Aras.” And I do my best to just trust that I’m taken care of.
7. Ciera (1/1): I was really shocked it was Tyson that proposed the plan. He seemed very close with Aras. On the same hand, Tyson is smart. Something, right now, we all have in common is we know we can trust each other because we don’t have anyone over there that we trust more.
8. Tyson (1/2): I thought Aras was playing a good game at first, but everyone else is recognizing his main motivation right now, which is get to Vytas and then take control of the game. Meditate all day long if that’s what you need. I think he’s getting really comfortable and that weighs right into my game plan.
9. Tina (1/2): Even though he’s not part of our alliance, I’ve really come to like Vytas. He’s been through the school of hard knocks and lots of times when people get knocked down and they pick themself back up, they’ve a whole new person. I would be honored if he took an interest in Katie just because he seems like such a straight-up guy. However, the guy who gets Katie is gonna have to hit her over the head with a club and drag her into his cave 'cause Katie is not a very flirtatious girl. But one can dream. I’m ready for grandbabies! (laughs)
10. Vytas (1/4): The tribe swap was tough, you know? Like, being one guy with a bunch of girls. But yoga has taught me a lot about dealing with the feminine energy and with girls and women, you know, so I kinda feel like I have an idea of what’ going to help ingratiate me in the tribe more.
11. Vytas (2/4): In my experience, women love a bad boy. But what they even like more than a bad boy is a newly reformed bad boy. So I’m putting forward the parts of me that I want these women to see. I am a likable person, I am a trustworthy guy. It’s all very calculated, but it’s working.
12. Laura B (1/5): Vytas, he’s a wonderful man that can share his emotions and his feelings. And I’ve learned a lot from Vytas. Just being more open to people. Coming into this game, one of my insecurities has been my social game. I was raised on a farm, and I’m kind of a quiet girl that’s slowly coming out of my shell and I’m becoming more at peace with where I am in the game. So that’s why I love Vytas. But I’ve got to keep my heart out of it, because he is a threat and I’m willing to stick with the girls if that is what the consensus is. You know, I will do what needs to be done to further my game.
13. Vytas (3/4): Going into a physical challenge with two women in their forties, one woman in her fifties against a tribe of five strong dudes and a girl is tough. We’re definitely gonna be underdogs no matter how the cookie crumbles in this case, so I’m not getting my hopes too high.
14. Laura B (2/5): I got emotional this morning ‘cause, you know, if we do lose, Vytas is the one going home. Our girl alliance, we’ve had the loyalty, we’ve-we've looked each other in the eye. Our alliance is still strong and we’re sticking with that.
15. Hayden (3/3): I started off the game with a four-game losing streak in challenges and that sucked. And now, we’re on a roll. I mean, Tadhana can’t be stopped right now. I feel great and looking forward, I mean, the future is bright.
16. Tyson (2/2): I didn’t need this reward at all. I don’t think I’ve gone to bed hungry one night since I’ve been here. We’ve been eating rice like crazy. I’ve convinced everyone that eating maximum amounts of rice is the proper strategy and everyone seems to just agree. You know, I’m a three-time veteran of this game, so of course what I say is gonna be right.
17. Laura B (3/5): Unfortunately, somebody has to go home. Vytas is the odd man out. I don’t think, uh, backstabbing and-and sending someone to Tribal Council not knowing what’s happening is-is a nice thing. And it was just eating me alive, so I just came out.
18. Laura B (4/5): It was really hard for me, but I feel like I did take the bull by the horns by taking more of a leadership position in the tribe. It may put a target on my back, but hopefully I’ll get some respect out of it and the women will look up to me a little.
19. Monica (1/1): I’m flabbergasted! I mean, Survivor 101? Don’t you meet with your alliance before you make an executive decision to just tell someone they’re going home? This morning, I felt like I could trust Laura B But now, I just don’t know. Blindsides are terrible and I’ve been a victim of one too, but this game is built on trust.
20. Tina (2/2): The plan was to vote out Vytas. You know, we’re getting down to the nut-cracking, so to speak, what we say in the hills, and he’s the threat just because everybody seems to like him. However, Laura B is unpredictable and that makes me nervous.
21. Vytas (4/4): When Laura B told me that it was my time to go tonight, for a moment I was like, “I’m screwed.” But Tina, she was telling me that Laura’s going home. It’d be super easy for them to all write my name down on the parchment tonight, but I feel like I’ve done my due diligence when it comes to building trust with these women. So it’s not going to be me tonight. Here’s the deal: it’s like a pride alliance. You know, females are in control, but they always need one alpha male to keep around, otherwise there’s no future for the pride.
22. Katie (1/2): Tonight we have to make a tough decision. In my head, I think it’s very smart if we get rid of Vytas because at some point, you’ve got to think long-term. And if he makes it to the Final Tribal Council, it would be difficult to beat him. At the same time, Laura B, she’s kind of the wildcard. She makes these decisions without consulting anyone and to keep someone like that... that could hit the fan and explode right back in my face.
23. Katie (2/2): So... I don’t know what’s gonna happen, but whatever goes down, it’s not going to be pretty.
24. Laura B (5/5): I just can’t believe that they’re keeping Vytas. And they voted me out. If I go back in the game, I’m certainly not siding with the girls and that is for damn sure!
1. Vytas (1/5): The merge is coming soon. At this point, it’s five together no matter what. We’re standing for a certain way of playing this game. You know, we’re gonna be moral, we’re gonna be honest even if it means our death. That’s not how I feel, but that’s what I’m rapping to them.
2. Monica (1/2): We just got back from Tribal Council and, you know, Tina makes an announcement tonight that, “Okay, great, we really appreciate everything you’re doing Monica, and you’re number five.” If we merge, it’s gonna be difficult when people come to me with an offer better than five.
3. Laura B (1/2): Day 18. They wrote down Laura B and here I am. It’s a hugely horrible non-strategic move to get rid of me and keep Vytas. I think it’s ridiculous!
4. Laura B (2/2): I don’t freaking get it. I don’t get it. I think it’s a huge mistake for those girls to leave Vytas in the game. The merge, you know, could be tomorrow! And here’s Vytas joining his brother, joining all those guys. They're gonna take out the girls! It’s ridiculous! Ridiculous!
5. John (1/1): This final duel is the only duel that really matters. You know, one person goes back into the game. Two people go home. This final duel is what I’ve been training for for 12 days. I have to win this duel today. I’d be disappointed in myself, Candice would be disappointed in me. Like, there is no other way.
6. Laura M (1/3): I’m either gonna go home today, my game is going to be over, or I’m going back in it. No second place is good enough anymore. I have to win it. This is it. And it’s just hard ‘cause I told my daughter... I said, “I’d come back for you.” I have to win this challenge to get back to her.
7. Ciera (1/5): I have mixed feelings about my mom coming back in the game. My mom obviously created relationships over there that weren’t that strong, so it could-- oh, it could really ruin my game if she came back.
8. Aras (1/4): As it stands now, my strategy is to go Galang strong, which would be the original Galang: me, Gervase, Tyson, Monica, Tina plus Vytas and Katie. That’s seven. There’s eleven people in the game and we have a distinct advantage.
9. Hayden (1/1): We hit the beach, we have a picnic, you know, the merge feast. It’s like wine, and cheese, and crackers, and salami, and I’m stuffing my face, but the whole time, I’m really thinking, “Okay, what can I do here to make sure I stay in the numbers?” We had the five solid. Me, Caleb, Tyson, Gervase and Ciera. And now I’m thinking, “Okay, is Laura M gonna come with Ciera? Or is Laura M gonna try and pull Ciera to make three pairs?” It could be Laura M, Ciera, Aras, Vytas and Katie and Tina. Everything could hinge on Ciera. And it’s a long game. It’s like once the merge happens, then the game starts. This is where Survivor really becomes Survivor.
10. Laura M (2/3): For the first time in 19 days, I get to play with my daughter. My gameplan is that us couples have to stay together 'cause that’s six right there. I-I definitely do need to talk to Ciera. So I have a lot of work to do. A lot of work to do. But I’m still here and I’m not giving up.
11. Ciera (2/5): Playing with your loved one and then making it to the merge, I feel so blessed. But then there’s also the fact that my mom caused some rifts and, uh, had some enemies, clearly, ‘cause they voted her out and it all shifted. And, uh, with my mom coming back in the game, it could really hurt me.
12. Ciera (3/5): I want to make sure my mom is on board and really understands how we’re gonna play it. I feel like I’m the-the teacher, you know? Teaching my mom the ways... the ways of this tribe.
13. Laura M (3/3): Me and Ciera are the people that are going to decide the fate of, you know, the couples or the fate of the singles. Who would have thought that here I was on Redemption Island thinking the game was over and now I’m in a power position in this game of who’s going to go home.
14. Tyson (1/3): You gotta act fast come merge time, so now the only factor in the game is finding out where the Immunity Idols are. When the tribe swap happened, Hayden gave me all the info he knew about the Hidden Immunity Idol. I’m pretty sure it’s at the giant vine tree on the way to the waterfall.
15. Tyson (2/3): Ta-da! I’m definitely not sharing this with anybody else right now. I mean, if it becomes my advantage to share it with somebody in my alliance to keep them in the game and push somebody else out, then that’s something I’ll definitely do. But right now, nobody needs to know I have it. I stepped on that probably like, twenty times. Let's see how sweet it is. I hope it's solid gold. Try it on, make sure it fits. Hooray! I’ve never had an idol before and I’ve also never won the show before. So, do those correlate directly with one another? Probably not, but at least it’s a little more advantage.
16. Vytas (2/5): I’m so stoked that I get to play with Aras. He’s my brother and I love him and I want to go deep into this game with him.
17. Vytas (3/5): We laid out our plan for the seven. Tina, Monica, Aras, Gervase and Tyson, myself and Katie. So it’s seven of us. Four in seven is a majority.
18. Aras (2/4): Getting rid of Laura is not just because she was on Redemption Island and she's coming back. Getting rid of Laura is the safest play because everyone feels uncomfortable with her and it would be an easy vote.
19. Vytas (4/5): Blood vs. Water should really, in the end, be called “Vytas vs. Aras” because we would have to be real stupid at this point not to get to the end.
20. Tyson (3/3): I needed to tell Monica about the plan to get Aras out because, you know, you have to show her a little love, you have to show her some respect just to solidify the numbers. But, she just likes to repeat the same idea over and over and over again. And I don’t want to be rude to her because I need to keep her close. At some point, you just have to be like, “Monica, shut up.” And I’m just, like, (sighs) “Give me a rusty spoon so I can dig both my eyeballs out and then jam-- try and jam it through my eye socket into my brain.” It’s taking all of my patience, all of it.
21. Monica (2/2): If Tyson would just say, “I’m 100% with you,” I would probably jump in bed with the whole idea and relax. But then again, it’s Survivor. How can you relax? I’m not sure. I’m in a big predicament.
22. Vytas (5/5): If you need immunity in this game, you’ve already made a few mistakes and I’m making sure that I’m not going into a challenge needing immunity. I didn’t need immunity today, but I needed to beat my brother and it happened, so I’m happy. Moving forward, the biggest threats in this game are Aras and I. We’ve got this beach on lock and, I mean, I’d be surprised if anybody has the guts to do anything about it.
23. Aras (3/4): Right now, we have nine pieces working somewhat in unison. Everyone thinks they’re with us. All the boys voting for Laura M; Tina, Monica and Katie voting for Ciera in case Laura M has the Hidden Immunity Idol. It gets flushed and Ciera goes home. And if not, then Laura M goes home.
24. Ciera (4/5): In my everyday life, I’m my mom’s biggest cheerleader. Go Mom! Go Mom! That’s my natural instinct. But, um, my game side is saying, like, “Okay, Laura, like, think about what you’re doing.”
25. Ciera (5/5): It’s a weird-- it’s the weirdest feeling. I’ve never felt it before. Um... it’s a struggle and I want to listen to my mom, do what my mom says. But on the same hand, I’m here to play my game.
26. Gervase (1/1): It’s funny ‘cause Aras has a plan which is the men are all going to vote for Laura and all the girls are going to vote for Ciera. The plan with Tyson is that me, Tyson, Monica, Hayden, Caleb, Ciera and Laura M vote for Aras. It just starts to get a little tricky now because I’m not so sure that everybody’s on the same page. Because people can say one thing in your face, but behind your back, they can say whatever else. I just can’t wait to see how it all shakes out. I think I have an idea of how it’s gonna fall out, but I could be totally wrong, which is still the crazy part about this game.
27. Aras (4/4): I’m still shocked a little bit. You know, the first time I played Survivor, I never got voted out. So to get voted out tonight was a completely new experience for me and I think probably the biggest pain for me is that Vytas is in a really tough position now. I know Vytas is in a really tough position. I’d be shocked if he wasn’t the one that joins me here in two or three nights.
1. Vytas (1/5): Aras, myself, and Tina, and Katie got completely blindsided. Ugh! I want to get-- vengeance is gonna be mine at some point. Knives out, bro. Like, let’s get it on and I’m gonna see how bad I can get you.
2. Tyson (1/6): Survivor’s broken my heart twice. And I think tonight, I fell back in love. I knew Aras wasn’t gonna take me to the end and I knew Tina had prioritized Katie in front of me. So for her to come out and say, “You should be ashamed of yourself because that’s not the way I play the game.” I’m like, “Tina, if everyone played the game the way you do, I would win 100% of the time.”
3. Katie (1/3): So my mom mentioned that I need to have a game plan because if Tribal happens and I’m a sitting duck, it’s not gonna be pretty. So she told me to try to build my own individual alliances and talk to people and sell my vote. How do I sell myself when I have my mom on the line? The idea of Blood vs. Water-- it’s hard trying to sell myself without throwing my loved one under the bus. And that’s kind of the issue I’m faced with. I don’t really know how to say, “Keep me instead of her.”
4. Laura M (1/2): Tonight, the plan is four votes Vytas’ way, three votes Katie’s way. As of right now, we don’t know if anybody’s found the Hidden Immunity Idol. Vytas may have it, Tina may have it, Katie may have it.
5. Tyson (2/6): I wasn’t the one who came up with the idea to split the votes. Laura M was like, “If there’s an idol out there, we need to split the votes.” It’s one of those things where it's like, “Do I tell them I have the idol so we don’t have to worry about splitting votes, or is that gonna make me too big of a target?” I don’t want to tell people I have the idol. So I have to kinda just roll with it.
6. Vytas (2/5): Going into that challenge, I knew I needed to win immunity to ensure my stay and I lost it, so right now, I got plenty of work to do if I want to be able to stay around here just another day or two.
7. Vytas (3/5): It’s a little bit low to beg for my position here on the tribe, but I really have no other play. Just another two days in this game could lead to another twelve days in this game, it could lead to a million dollars, you know? It’s just about scratching and clawing to get through tonight’s Tribal. At this point, I’ll put Katie’s name down if it gets me further.
8. Katie (2/3): I’m in a very tight jam. I don’t know what alliances people have right now. My mom told me that I have to do what’s best for me, so I need to figure out a different gameplan. Whether that includes just me, or me and my mother.
9. Monica (1/3): I’m getting nervous. Seven of us made a pact that we will split the votes between Vytas and Katie. So that’s what the plan was. However, I’m not really quite sure what’s happening or who’s saying what or who’s driving the boat. But why a sudden scramble? It makes me feel very uncomfortable.
10. Laura M (2/2): Monica’s asking why everyone’s scampering around. What the hell does she care for?! She has the necklace around-- you’re not going home. And that just goes to show you how paranoid of a person Monica is.
11. Tyson (3/6): Vytas made some valid points, but the main concern for me right now is if the girls wise up, they could perhaps form an all-girl alliance. Sending a girl home would keep Vytas here and still keep the guys in the strong majority. So my list, optimally, right now would be to have Katie go next.
12. Tyson (4/6): This is when it gets dangerous for someone like me. Because I don’t want to come off as the kingpin or the decision-maker. I want everyone to feel their input is what matters and not just mine. So right now, I have to be very careful about this vote tonight.
13. Monica (2/3): We went to Tribal Council and I was told to vote Katie. But with the pressure that I had been given by Vytas, and the vitriol attack that I had been given by him at Tribal, I chose to write down Vytas.
14. Gervase (1/2): Monica at Tribal Council decided to switch her vote. She was supposed to vote for Katie, but she decides to vote for Vytas. If anything happened and that was the reason why Tyson got voted out, I got voted out or anybody else on my alliance, I would have lost it! It’s simple. Don’t rock the boat. Moves like that make me say, “You know what? Let’s get rid of Monica next.” One more straw and the camel’s back will be broke.
15. Vytas (4/5): I think Aras is responsible for getting me here because he said he was good. I mean, like, I’m not going to bring anybody into an alliance with my brother and say, “We’re a 100%,” if we’re not a 100%, so he made that mistake and now I’m here just guilt by association.
16. Aras (1/1): My brother has got a very negative energy and I’ve got a much more positive energy. I love him no matter what, but best things don’t come when you’re pessimistic. They come when you’re open and you’re light.
17. Katie (3/3): Winning the immunity feels like winning the lottery. But, right now, we don’t have an alliance. It’s just me and my mom.
18. Tina (1/3): I don’t even have any clues to where the idols are except Katie said that it was between saltwater and freshwater. It's like finding a needle in a haystack.
19. Caleb (1/1): We head out and we lose her! We lost her on the waterfall trail. I’m thinking, “What the heck?! She did get the slip on us.”
20. Tyson (5/6): The idea was a few people would follow Tina around in case she found the idol, but we don’t have to. Like, I could go to everybody and be like, “I have the Hidden Immunity Idol. We can all just take naps.” But then I become a target. So today we have to babysit Tina all the time. She looked in the right spot, but it was gone because I moved it to a safe place.
21. Tina (2/3): I’m definitely in a Mexican standoff and I’ve got to find the Hidden Immunity Idol. They don’t know if I have it or not and if I start searching for it, then you’re gonna know that I don’t have it. So I’m just gonna stay here for a while. I don’t know how long.
22. Monica (3/3): I’m not sure what’s happening. We’ll just split the votes between who? Somebody’s gotta go home. So the question is could it be me?
23. Tyson (6/6): Tonight, it’s more complicated than I thought it was going to be. The thing is-is we can’t split the votes because then Monica feels like she’s on bottom. And she’s a real wildcard, that girl. You never know what she’s gonna do and that’s what makes her dangerous.
24. Gervase (2/2): Loose cannons will always shoot off. And when they do, nine times out of ten, they’re gonna sink something you’re riding on. So I wouldn’t mind voting Monica out and keeping Tina and Katie for another day or two.
25. Hayden (1/1): So Monica’s on the outs because we can’t trust her. So even if Tina does not have the idol, we might have to cut our ties and say, “Hey, sorry Monica, we gotta cut you loose.”
26. Tina (3/3): It’s nice having Redemption Island because you get a second shot. I’m going up against two really tough competitors, but everybody has a chance.
27. Vytas (5/5): I’m just real happy we can give Tina a hug, set her a blanket by the fire and send her on her way tomorrow.
1. Katie (1/6): It was horrible seeing my mom go. This (gestures to her face) is a sign of defeat. This whole thing, right now. The seven of them are so engrossed in their own alliance. They’re not budging. If I don’t figure something out tonight and get it rolling tomorrow, then I’m doomed.
2. Ciera (1/11): Me and my mom are the last loved ones here. But a loved one is gonna be a huge target eventually. So moving forward is going to be difficult.
3. Ciera (2/11): Since I’ve been playing with my mom, one of the biggest things I’ve noticed is a role reversal and especially one that I never thought coming into this game would happen. I thought, you know, I’m gonna listen to my mom, do what my mom says and, uh, I think I’ve proven to be the better player. I mean, I’ve had to go to way more Tribal Councils than my mom, so far and I’ve lasted. And she went to her first one and she gets voted out.
4. Laura M (1/5): It is a little unnatural feeling to follow my daughter’s lead. But I totally trust her judgment. And she’s my daughter, right? I mean, I’m trusting my daughter’s discernment and judgment and that’s... that’s an amazing gift this game has given me.
5. Ciera (3/11): I wonder how long my mom will keep listening to me and taking my advice. I love her and I want to go as far as I can with my mom. But on the same hand, if my mom needs to go in order for me to win the game, she needs to go ‘cause I have a better shot at winning than she does.
6. Katie (2/6): I knew that I’m gonna take the clue and keep it, because my biggest concern is finding that Hidden Immunity Idol to keep me around for as long as possible. And I’m not gonna go down without fighting as well, just like my mom did.
7. Katie (3/6): I’m so proud of my mom today at Redemption Island. I was-- it was kinda intimidating seeing her with Aras and Vytas ‘cause they’re two big, strong guys. But she did great and I’m thrilled, uh, beyond belief that she’s still in it. I’m now solo in this game, so it worries me that I could be going home at any minute. I’m not in the strong alliance, but I have some friends in Redemption Island, luckily, and they gave me the clue which I really needed to ensure my spot here, um, in the game.
8. Katie (4/6): This is a great clue and I think I know exactly where it is, on the way to the waterfall, there is a tree that has a crazy vine and we’ve noticed it before because it really stands out.
9. Tyson (1/4): Now that Katie has an Immunity Idol clue, doesn’t worry me at all because I officially have the Hidden Immunity Idol and Katie is pretty much a non-factor. So, the only thing I’m thinking about is how to make my next move. And I think a lot of people are okay with making moves as long as they’re not the bad guy, so I’m gonna have to take another one for the team and be the bad guy again.
10. Tyson (2/4): The safe bet right now is to take Laura M out before she gets further in the game and then collaborates with someone with her daughter because then there’s two votes that you’re worrying about instead of just one.
11. Hayden (1/2): Right now, I really feel like Tyson has my back. Like, I do. I think I can trust him. And do I want to get rid of Laura M? You know, do we make-make a big move now or do we kinda stick with what we’ve been doing? It’s not easy ‘cause it's, you know, you have to tread carefully out here ‘cause one mistake could cost you a million dollars.
12. Ciera (4/11): I’m in this alliance of seven, but there are four guys in our alliance right now and it’s gonna be so easy for them to just get rid of me or my mom. I mean, ‘cause we’re the only couple in the group and if I go with my mom right now and I say, “Okay, let’s try and get to the end,” it’s not gonna happen. She’ll be voted out and I’m gonna go next. And it’s a conversation I have to have soon and it’s so hard for me. It's like a total-- it's like, my heart is just being like, tugged because nobody wants to do that. I love my mom and I don’t want, um, her to think that I don’t want her to succeed in the game, but... I mean, I-I want to succeed in the game.
13. Ciera (5/11): I’ve definitely had to have conversations with my mom that have been hard in my life. Um, one that comes back is, you know, when I got pregnant. Having to have that conversation with my mom and you learn your mom loves you no matter what. And I know that about my mom, so I think what’s important for me in this conversation is to be honest. I’m gonna have to tell her, like, “You don’t stand a shot. You don’t. And I do.”
14. Ciera (6/11): I mean, I don’t-- I don't wanna have to vote my mom out. (begins to cry) I came into this, like, wanting to sit at the end with my mom, but it just won’t happen. It’s not practical and-and, um... I get one shot at this. One shot and I don’t want to mess it up.
15. Laura M (2/5): The amazing part of what this-- what’s happening to us out here on the island is our relationship is morphing. We’re always going to be mother/daughter. Always. There’s nothing we can change that. But it’s morphing into a role where I was always the one giving advice to Ciera, I was always the one saying, “This is what you need to do, here’s how you need to do it,” and she would gladly come to me, sometimes, (chuckles) and take that advice. It’s now morphed into the role where I’m trusting her decisions.
16. Laura M (3/5): She has the courage now to say to her mom, “Mom, this is what I’m going to do and this is how I’m going to do it. And by the way, I may have to vote you out of that million dollars.” And the fact that my daughter has the courage to say that to me shows that she has grown as a woman. That she’s no longer this little girl, which, ultimately for me... (begins to cry) makes me proud, ‘cause ultimately for me, I wanted this game to teach my daughter how strong she is. And to sit there and to see how strong she was and to hear her say, “This is what I’m gonna do, mom. You’re kinda hindering me on this and I might have to go over you,” as an individual player in the game, it was like, “Oh no! That’s not really in my-- that’s gonna cut my chances.” But as a mother, I was like, (sighs) “Good girl.” It is a huge blessing for me to be out here to witness that. Worth way more than a million dollars. Worth way more than a million dollars.
17. Katie (5/6): My biggest concern is just either winning the challenge or finding that Hidden Immunity Idol. And as soon as day breaks, I’m gonna look for that thing. They’re gonna have to start eating each other eventually, I mean, there’s seven of them, and they’re gonna start fighting and hopefully I have either a necklace around my neck or that idol that will keep me around and I can get in a solid alliance and go from there.
18. Laura M (4/5): Katie having the third clue to the idol is a huge threat. If Katie finds the idol, it could be me. Because my name has already been written down, I’ve already been sent to Redemption Island. Apparently, Ciera tells me I’m the biggest threat that’s on the team. So, now, I have to tail Katie all morning long and go try to find that idol.
19. Katie (6/6): Unfortunately, I was followed by Laura M and so I had to start digging with her. It’s frustrating, but I’m digging in all the wrong places so she doesn’t know exactly where it is.
20. Tyson (3/4): Right now, it’s a shifting game partly because people assume there’s a Hidden Immunity Idol out there. Also, because I’m the biggest threat in the game. I’m like the Big Bad Wolf, almost. People aren’t liking me-- they like me just fine right here, but the second I vote ‘em out, they hate me. And so I need to get Ciera on board about voting her mom out.
21. Ciera (7/11): I told Tyson that I would be okay voting my mom out and honestly, eventually, down the road, I would be okay voting my mom out. But, honestly, I have no idea what I’m going to do at this point.
22. Ciera (8/11): My mom is easily the biggest target right now. I don’t want to see my mom go and the hard part is I don’t have the luxury of time.
23. Ciera (9/11): I have never been put in the situation before where I really have to lie to somebody like that, but it worked! She just folded her cards right away. I would have stuck it out a lot longer, but she folded. She’s like, “What!? How do you have the idol? Man, you stole it right from out from underneath me. Where was it?” And I’m thinking like, “Well, that was easier than I thought it was gonna be!”
24. Ciera (10/11): And I thought, “Why not Katie?” We have a good shot, that-- because I know Katie doesn’t have the idol and that’s something we can use. So now I’m throwing Katie’s name out there to anybody and seeing if anybody will bite at this point.
25. Hayden (2/2): I don’t think Katie has the idol. In fact, I’m pretty sure she doesn’t, so making the (air quotes) “easier move” seems like the safer move.
26. Ciera (11/11): My options are pretty much really simple: send my own mother to Redemption Island, or stick my neck totally out and ruin all of my relationships that I’ve built just to have my mom go home anyway, and then for me to follow her at the next Tribal. So I’m trying to determine in my mind right now, which-- where do I go?
27. Tyson (4/4): It was so perfect. We had it until we told Ciera that we were voting her mom. That was the mistake. Ciera, smarter than we thought originally, is making moves as well. And so, it’s a little tricky, but it’s gotta be Laura because letting a couple get farther in the game is too dangerous ‘cause they can swing everything with just one vote. I need to get the votes back on Laura and get ‘em to stick with the plan and vote Laura out.
28. Caleb (1/1): The whole time I’ve just kinda been like, “You know, whatever, whatever y’all think.” But I think Katie needs to go next. She doesn’t have the idol. And I think that if she kind of floated all the way to the end, she’s dangerous to be sitting next to. So I think Katie needs to go sooner than later.
29. Laura M (5/5): I’m having a hard time defining how I’m feeling about Ciera writing my name down because it sucks that I’m here, it sucks that Ciera had to do that, it sucks that she did that! But I’m not about to quit now. I’m gonna do everything I can to stay in the game and even more to further my daughter in the game.
1. Katie (1/3): Looks like everyone, including Ciera, voted for her mom. So I was surprised that Ciera chose water over blood, but Ciera has a plan and I don’t think her mom was really part of it.
2. Ciera (1/3): Tonight was really rough. It was not easy having to write my mom’s name down. But I’ve totally proven 100% that, you know, I’m trustworthy and moving forward, I hope people take me seriously in the game and I hope they want to work with me.
3. Tyson (1/5): Ciera writing her mom’s name down was the hardest voting position of the game so far. By doing that, she’s actually shown a bit of loyalty. But at the same time, it makes me a little scared of her. I can see that she’s playing the game pretty hard. I think she’s underestimated by a lot of people and she’s going to be dangerous.
4. Tina (1/1): I hear a little voice going, “Mom?” and I’m like, “Oh, it’s Katie!” But no, it was Laura M back once again to Redemption Island.
5. Laura M (1/1): I’m having a hard time defining how I’m feeling about Ciera writing my name down because it sucks that I’m here, it sucks that Ciera had to do that, it sucks that she did that! But I’m proud of her. I mean, she’s playing the game.
6. Tyson (2/5): With seven people in the game right now, the next vote and the vote after that are going to be the most important. I have to get past this next vote. So the wisest thing I can do right now, from my perspective, is keep everybody against Katie.
7. Hayden (1/5): We have the five person alliance: me, Caleb, Tyson, Gervase, Ciera. And we could continue along the course of that five by voting out Katie. But you do not want to be the guy that waited too long to make a move and got blindsided yourself. That’s what you don’t want to be.
8. Hayden (2/5): Tyson’s got a hell of a resume to preach to the jury when we get there. So we’re thinking, maybe before we get to the final five, we’ll have to pick off somebody and that somebody’s gonna be Tyson.
9. Katie (2/3): I’ve been at the bottom the past few Tribals. It wasn’t looking good for me. I feel like one of these hermit crabs that walk along the beach and-and have to, like, transition from home to home and that you don’t have a shell and it’s terrifying because there’s predators! And so now I feel like I found sort of a shell. My best option going forward is to work with my original Tadhana members again and get rid of Tyson. So I feel like my options are looking better.
10. Ciera (2/3): Caleb said he wanted to make a big move and he wanted Tyson gone. And that really throws me off ‘cause I feel like these people who haven’t played the game before are so willing to flip and flop on each other, it’s too sketchy for me to invest in them. So I told Caleb and Hayden what they wanted to hear, but I don’t want to work with people like that.
11. Tyson (3/5): I was hoping to make it to six before I made my move and really locked the game down, but I may have to lock it down earlier. I trust Monica and I trust Gervase. Ciera’s the major wildcard here. I hope Ciera’s telling the truth, but in the end, it makes more sense for me to go that direction anyways because I need Caleb and Hayden out and the sooner, the better.
12. Gervase (1/3): Ciera says that Caleb and Hayden are targeting Tyson and are gonna try to vote him out. So now we’re thinking, “Okay, we gotta get rid of them.” Two days ago, the four guys, we had control of the game. But now we’re all plotting on each other and it makes me nervous. But as long as Ciera just sticks with us, she’ll be good. Hayden and Caleb are trying to stir the pot and they just got sloppy. And when you break your alliance like that, the gloves come off and it’s gonna get real dirty and ugly.
13. Ciera (3/3): I’m so glad I didn’t go along with Hayden and Caleb. I feel like I made the right decision and I trust Tyson because Tyson knows A) they’re gunning for him, B) I saved him, and C) he doesn’t want to be sitting next to them at the end anyway, so I feel like I’m in a pretty good spot come next Tribal.
14. Hayden (3/5): This morning, I saw Ciera and Tyson run off into the woods and then I started thinking, “You know what? What if Ciera tells Tyson, “Hey, those guys are gonna blindside you.” And I started to get paranoid because I realized if Ciera flipped, we could be in big trouble here.
15. Katie (3/3): I thought voting Tyson was the best option and it was going to be smooth sailing, but now that there’s suspicion about Ciera, there may have to be a Plan B. I feel like, at this point, everything’s all up in the air and no one is safe. So this challenge is huge. And if Ciera doesn’t win immunity, she could be in trouble.
16. Hayden (4/5): We walk in the challenge today and you can either compete or choose to eat and I don’t want to be the guy that gets blindsided and goes home, so I want to compete! But Tyson, Gervase, Ciera, they all chose to eat and it’s kinda telling. They obviously feel very comfortable and if the three of them feel that good, maybe they’re all working together to get rid of one of us.
17. Hayden (5/5): I’m in a predicament. I could be on a sinking ship. So now, I’m kinda back-peddling, thinking, “Okay, we gotta scramble and make a new plan.”
18. Tyson (4/5): Hayden and Caleb just pulled me aside and were like, “Ciera’s playing both sides.” And when I think about it, it makes sense, you know? Why wouldn’t she? She seems like a smart enough girl and I know she’s a good liar. In her mind, she’s probably thinking by piting the guys against each other, she can stick around a little longer and that was a smart move on her part. But now I’m feeling like she’s too sneaky and too smart and too deceiving to be in the game anymore.
19. Tyson (5/5): The problem is, I don’t trust Hayden and Caleb either. Who knows? They could be trying to make me feel comfortable and then, pow! I get hit with a heart-breaker. So I might have to play my Hidden Immunity Idol. It’s that little added bit of insurance in case something screwy happens.
20. Caleb (1/2): Tyson’s telling us that he’s still with us, but I’m not sure I buy it a 100%. Hayden feels a lot more comfortable with it than I do. I’m still thinking, “Is he still playing us? Is he planning something? Is he not?” I mean, obviously, in the game of Survivor, anything can go wrong. But hopefully, everybody’s on board and Ciera’s going home tonight. She should have picked a side and stuck with it.
21. Gervase (2/3): All of a sudden, everything is blown to pieces. If somebody’s lying in this, it’s either Hayden and Caleb or Ciera. One of them are lying.
22. Gervase (3/3): I don’t know what to do, I don’t know who to trust. So at these times, it just comes down to your gut and that’s scary because you put your trust in the wrong person, you’re going home!
23. Caleb (2/2): Tribal Council tonight was not what I was expecting. I was shocked that my name was on there. I figured that Ciera was going to go home, but it was definitely a, uh, successful blindside on the other-other half’s part.
1. Hayden (1/7): Tribal Council blew up in our face. We were expecting to blindside Ciera, but gosh! It was just... I mean, good move to them. Kat would say, “Touché.” And I’m thinking, “Sons of... guns.” (laughs)
2. Tyson (1/3): I didn’t really like how Hayden threw me under the bus when he said, “I’m voting Tyson if Tyson makes it to the end, I’m gonna vote him.” It was nice to hear, but it does put a little bit of a target on my back. I wish I wouldn’t have played the idol because then I would have it for next time, although I trust my alliance enough that that shouldn’t really be of much concern.
3. Ciera (1/2): This is the first Redemption Island I’ve gone to where I’ve been like, “Mom, you better pull this one out!” We knew Tyson had played an idol which meant that there was going to be a new one probably in play. Big question has been, you know, “If my mom wins, do I take the clue?” And I kinda felt like I needed to because if Katie gets it or if Hayden gets it, that’s bad news for us. So we’re gonna open it as a group and we’re gonna find it and we’re gonna decide what to do with it.
4. Gervase (1/4): Ciera opens up the clue and reads it aloud and I was like, “Yes!” So now everybody just scatters and looking and looking and looking. And all of a sudden, Hayden walks up.
5. Hayden (2/7): I cruised towards the well and Tyson, Gervase, uh, Ciera and Monica are all down there, peeking around, looking at trees, like, hunting, searching. And it’s obvious. The idol is down there somewhere. It’s really-- it's my last hope. I have to keep looking and I have to find the Hidden Immunity Idol.
6. Tyson (2/3): I used the idol at the last Tribal Council and a new one came back into play and I have to find it, otherwise, I don't know who's gonna have it. So, the safest thing for me to do is to find the idol. I’m threat number one and everyone knows that. And I know that. I’m just trying to play the game and trying to get to the end and I told myself when Rachel left that if I was going to stay, I had to get to the end. So... (begins to cry) then, it’s the only way that it would be worth it for me to stay here and not go in when I could have saved her. So I’ve just been fighting and clawing and I’m so close. And I still feel like it’s getting pulled out from under me. And I hate that feeling because I've worked too hard to get here. Boom!
7. Tyson (3/3): I don't have pockets on any of my clothes so I gotta put it right on my crotch where nobody will suspect a bulge. (sighs) Now the trick is, do I share it with everybody or I keep it to myself again? I think I'll keep it to myself. Okay, that's it, I can rest easy. I have the Hidden Immunity Idol. It’s up to me to just stay focused and don’t let Hayden win the challenge. That’s the number one thing. Hayden can’t win. That was the diciest moment of the game for me so far, was having that idol on the lose so... (sighs) Oh, now I can probably take a nap today. I was not going to be able to take a nap unless I found that thing. Hey, did it again. Nap time!
8. Hayden (3/7): I struck a nerve with Gervase, so I think Gervase is open to working with me, blindsiding Tyson. We just have to figure out how to do it.
9. Gervase (2/4): I think Tyson is playing the game well. I believe it too. But I’m not putting my trust and faith in Hayden at all. You know, I have my trust and faith in Tyson and it’s got me this far, but I do want those options out there and Hayden’s a good option to have.
10. Gervase (3/4): So, finally, 32 days into the game, I win immunity. I’m in a great position no matter which way I play things. I’m in a secure alliance. Me, Tyson and Monica-- the three, together. We have Ciera, which makes four. We pretty much control the game.
11. Hayden (4/7): Gervase decided to choose Monica and Tyson to eat ice cream with him and that leaves the door wide open for me to really talk to Ciera and pitch her the idea: “Hey, Ciera, let’s make a move here.”
12. Ciera (2/2): Part of my strategy has been making Hayden and Katie feel like they have like, a glimmer of hope, but I have no intention of doing anything with Hayden and Katie.
13. Hayden (5/7): Gervase and Ciera, right now, can make a huge move and get out Tyson. If they make this move, they probably deserve to win this game.
14. Gervase (4/4): Tonight is simple. Hayden’s got to go. And then, thank goodness, we can get Katie next. I don’t know how she’s still around.
15. Hayden (6/7): What I was hoping was Ciera and Gervase were going to roll with me to blindside Tyson. And they’re not doing it. I don’t like to lose. I’m the worst, the worst, loser. God (expletive censor)! (sighs)
16. Hayden (7/7): Tonight, I’m gonna go into Tribal guns blazing. I’m gonna go in, blow it up, you know, kinda let things fly. Go down swinging. But maybe it’s not going to be me. We’ll see. We will see! You know, it's the-the-the chapter is not closed yet!
17. Katie (1/1): Tonight was my shot to knock Tyson off of his throne, but I had the white rock, so... I was rocked out.
1. Tina (1/3): Katie’s here with me so of course I’m so happy to see her. But I’m not happy that she’s out of the game.
2. Katie (1/1): Tonight was my shot to knock Tyson off of his throne and I could’ve gone farther in the game if things went my way, but I had the white rock. So... I was rocked out.
3. Tina (2/3): I think it’s great that they were willing to draw rocks. Kudos to them. But this will probably be the toughest Redemption Arena because Katie and I both can’t go back into the game. It’s got to be one of us.
4. Tina (3/3): It’s hard to have been at Redemption Island now for 9 days and you hope to get back in the game and-and to finish what you started, but it’s my daughter. And that takes precedence above all things. Even a million dollars.
5. Hayden (1/5): Tribal Council tonight was insane. I’m literally-- I’m fighting for my life in the game. And then the very next moment, we’re drawing rocks and I realize this worked! Like, “What?! I’m safe!” Best case scenario would have been Tyson drew the white rock and went home. That would have flipped the script! Flipped it! But one thing that’s not going to change is I’m gonna be with Ciera all the way til the end.
6. Tyson (1/2): You can’t ever let the person on the bottom know they’re going home. That’s Survivor 101. It gives them a chance to be crazy. You have to give them hope. You have to tell them somebody else’s name, ‘cause then the fireworks wouldn’t have happened.
7. Monica (1/4): We have a good alliance and I feel like I’m in a good position. But I’m concerned that if they have an idol, one of us is going home.
8. Tyson (2/2): Monica, she’s crucial to my game right now. But she will not stop talking and it’s annoying. I was like, “Stop playing the game, Monica. You’re playing too hard right now.”
9. Monica (2/4): I’m in this with Tyson and Gerv, but I don’t know if I have any respect here. I felt like withholding that crucial piece of information of having an idol the whole time, it hurt me. And I’ll never forget it.
10. Ciera (1/5): After Tribal last night, I feel like a huge weight just lifted off my shoulders. I knew I was number four, so my mind just went, “You know what, Ciera? This is the move. If it’s the move that sends you home, at least you went out trying to make a move versus riding to the four and not being able to say you even tried anything.”
11. Ciera (2/5): I mean, obviously, it didn’t pan out the way I wanted to pan out. Katie went home. We’re down numbers now two to three. But my mom, just based on her track record, will be the one coming back which would give me and Hayden the numbers. And for the first time, I want her to come out. Hayden and I are bound and determined to find a Hidden Immunity Idol, to win a challenge and to find the crack in the alliance between Gervase, Tyson and Monica. We’re gonna go all out ‘cause the great thing about my position right now, I have nothing to lose.
12. Ciera (3/5): Redemption Island was a success for my mom. It was great watching her win again. So my mom wins and she gives me the clue to the Hidden Immunity Idol which is needed right now. Me and Hayden’s only hope in this game right now is one of us needs to win the challenge and one of us has to find the Hidden Immunity Idol ‘cause then we’re safe and Monica, Tyson and Gervase have to vote against each other.
13. Hayden (2/5): So I’m up climbing around in trees like a monkey, hanging out on a limb, and Monica comes strolling up back to the well to get some water and I’m thinking, “Great, now everybody and their brother knows the idol’s out on a limb.” It’s so frustrating to me. I’m driving myself crazy out here, I really am. Because I can win the Immunity Challenge all day long, but if I don’t find the idol, Ciera’s going home. There is one big tree. That’s the obvious one. I’ve climbed it, been all over it. The idol’s not there. Somebody has it already. Like, I think that’s what it is. Tyson might have the idol.
14. Gervase (1/2): This game is crazy and changes all the time. And after that last Tribal Council, I know I have to work to get to that final four spot. So even though she’s a wildcard, I know I’m going to need Monica to make it to the end of this game. That means I need to do everything in my power to make sure nothing messes up this three-person alliance. I need to do everything in my power to make sure us three are sitting in the finals.
15. Gervase (2/2): She said, “I trust you and Tyson to a ten.” Definitely want to hear that. The trust that Monica is giving out, you couldn’t pay for.
16. Monica (3/4): I’m still here because Tyson drew rocks. I mean, they’re both my guys. I’ve tried to play very selfless out here, and the act that those two guys did was selfless too. And so what they did last night for me, it meant something. I like these guys, and I think the genuinely like me and I feel like I will have a bond with those two guys forever. But you’ve got to be able to separate real life and the game of Survivor. So I am playing this game for Monica. Not Tyson and Gervase. Monica.
17. Hayden (3/5): The Hail Mary play for me and Ciera is, “Hey, let’s tell Monica, Tyson and Gervase are talking crap about her and see if we can get her to flip on over to the good guys. Come see the light, Monica! We’re the good guys. The good guys need to win this!”
18. Ciera (4/5): Oh my gosh! I just won! I just won, uh, immunity and it is unreal. All of you people, looking at me like I made a stupid decision trying to go against almighty Tyson, in your face, because I just did it! Don’t ever count me out. My mom is potentially coming back into this game and then you have two Moretts to worry about, not just one. I think that the fact that I chose Hayden also shows that we’re not scared. I’m not trying to kiss Tyson’s ass and it’s the best feeling ever and now that I know what it feels like, I’m gonna be going for that every single time.
19. Hayden (4/5): Today’s Immunity Challenge, I needed to win today, and what do you know? I frickin’ lay an egg. So I gotta pull a rabbit out of my hat if I’m gonna stick around. But the good news is, Ciera did win, and we got to crush some food!
20. Ciera (5/5): Hayden and I have not found the idol. So right now, our only choice is to figure out who is the crack in the-the alliance between Gervase, Tyson and Monica and Monica is definitely the crack. She’s an emotional wreck out here right now, so if I can play on that and if I can throw Tyson and Gervase under the bus, maybe she’d be willing to work with me and Hayden.
21. Monica (4/4): I’m glad to know the information, but damn! It hurt me! I mean, it was like a gut punch. I came in saying, to get to the end, I might have to mislead and misdirect, but I can guarantee (expletive censor) you, I would never hurt someone, and there’s a big difference. So guess what? It’s now become a me-game. Tonight, Tyson and Gervase, they’re going to be on the defense for the first time and Monica’s gonna be on the offense ‘cause if I am their “puppy dog,” they better stand corrected. Looks like, in a matter of moments, I am the swing vote. Ciera and Hayden need me to go with them. Tyson and Gervase need me to go with them. It’s up to Monica and what she decides.
22. Hayden (5/5): Tribal tonight was brutal. I felt like we were close, but here I am. Monica, doing Monica, just listening to what Tyson says.
1. Ciera (1/8): Tonight did not go according to plan-- Hayden went home. I planted that little seed of Monica and it didn't work. But the great thing about this game is Redemption Island. There's still Redemption Island and my hope is that my mom comes back in, and so that is an alliance member that I will have. Whoever comes back in I know will be working with me so I definitely have options that I'm gonna be going after all of them.
2. Tyson (1/8): My best shot is gonna be with Monica and Gervase and I may have to use that idol to keep Monica on our side.
3. Tyson (2/8): Having someone come in from Redemption and partnering up with Ciera and they're gonna try drawing Monica in again and so, Gervase and my goal needs to be to keep Monica tight with us.
4. Monica (1/9): If the guys really do just think I'm their lapdog, fine. But I'm not gonna be manipulated by Tyson and Gervase. Because guess what? Whoever comes in from Redemption Island tomorrow, is on her team. I want to be on both teams. Two chances of going to the final three.
5. Hayden (1/3): This is the second time I played the game like this and this is the first time I've been voted out. And getting voted out sucks!
6. Hayden (2/3): Tribal was brutal. Ciera and I on one side, Tyson and Gervase on the other. Monica, kind of in the middle. I think we were close but here I am. Monica, just listening to what Tyson says. It's a bummer.
7. Hayden (3/3): The beautiful part about this season is I'm out but I'm not done. I win at the duel tomorrow, I'm right back in the game and I get to compete against two grandmas. I like my chances, I really do.
8. Tina (1/7): It's a big day today. I can taste it. There's a lot resting on today's challenge. So, if I come out of Redemption Arena with one ounce of energy in me, I did something wrong.
9. Laura M (1/1): I am so ready for this duel today. I think Ciera is waiting for the cavalry to come in. She is the lone soldier waiting on the ledge for somebody to come in so I have to get back in the game.
10. Ciera (2/8): When my mom's vase fell my heart just sank. And I've always had that hope of my mom could potentially come back in it, but I'm by myself. I'm like, “My mom's not coming back.”
11. Tina (2/7): I'm back in the game of Survivor and I'm just so happy I don't know what to say! (laughs) I know there's a huge, strong alliance with Gervase, Tyson and Monica so I feel like I definitely either have to find the idol or I have to try to talk Monica into going to a three-girls, and are all moms, alliance.
12. Ciera (3/8): Tina is a freak! By the time I'm thinking, “Should I go put my shoes on?,” Tina's up the tree. She's running through branches, she's hopping from limb to limb.
13. Ciera (4/8): For a fifty-seven year old woman she has no fear and she acts like she's a twenty year old. She acts like she's my age, like, doing that and I'm like, the old woman down at the bottom, like, “Tina be careful, can I help you, like, lift your-your foot?”
14. Ciera (5/8): Tina was kinda like, the last person I wanted back in but I don't have anybody else out here really, so I'm gonna keep working on Monica and see if she at all wants to-to work with me and Tina.
15. Ciera (6/8): Tina's very confrontational. She will stomp on Monica and say like, mean, like, in your face comments, and I'm thinking like, “Whoa, whoa, whoa whoa! We want her to come with us, we don't want her to the us.”
16. Ciera (7/8): I know Monica and I know that you have to appeal to Monica's ego. You need to be careful what you're saying. You need to be nice to Monica. We want Monica to feel like she's making the decision on her own, not because me and Tina are desperate and we want her to come take us to final three.
17. Monica (2/9): For the last hour, I have been pounced on by Tina and Ciera on why I should go with them and dump Tyson and Gervase. I got a lot of sorting out to do. I don't know what direction I'm gonna go but this is a brutal game.
18. Tyson (3/8): I never really imagined myself in this position with the Immunity Necklace on Day 37 but I'm not going to celebrate because it's not done. What I need to focus on now is how the next vote is gonna go.
19. Tyson (4/8): Right now, I have the Immunity Necklace and the Hidden Immunity Idol. I would definitely like to keep this idol as a souvenir and, uh, give it to Rachel. It feels good. I can relax a little bit today and the main thing is who do we vote out tonight?
20. Tyson (5/8): Our alliance is debating Tina versus Ciera right now and I'll probably just let Gervase and Monica figure it out and go with them because it takes a little heat off of me.
21. Monica (3/9): I want Tina to go home first. I think it's critical to our game that the person with the most friends on the jury goes home now.
22. Gervase (1/4): I've had enough of this crap that she's spewing to me right now 'cause it makes no sense. I'm like, puffing my chest up right now, turning into a bully, leaning in on her like, “Woman, are you crazy?!”
23. Monica (4/9): I've been bullied and bullied and bullied this entire game by everyone. It hurts. I'm over it. I'm done. I'm tired of being bullied. It's my time and you all need me. And you know what? Gervase, if you're in an alliance with someone, you better be nice because in the end you really might need 'em.
24. Tina (3/7): If Monica's gonna make a move, she's gonna make it tonight. I would love for this season to go out with a huge upset in a big bang. The cards are all in Monica's hand.
25. Ciera (8/8): After hearing that, you know, Monica is willing to vote Gervase I thought, “Tina don't mess this up,” like, “Keep your mouth shut and let me handle the situation.”
26. Monica (5/9): Tonight's Tribal Council, I'm gonna own it. It's my night. It's my strategic move. The girls are fighting over me, salivating, trying to get my vote. And the boys think that I'm little lapdog Monica. But tonight, it's my call. I'm gonna say who goes home and I'm gonna make my choice on what's best for me.
27. Tina (4/7): I was so nervous going into Tribal Council tonight. I was absolutely shocked when it was Ciera. So... once again, I'm gonna have to try and win at the challenge tomorrow.
28. Monica (6/9): I'm in this with Tyson and Gerv, and I walked away from Tribal Council blindsided. They wouldn't have played an idol if they thought I was 100% with them. So now my strategy is to regroup, to win that fourth immunity tomorrow so that I can be in control of my own destiny.
29. Tina (5/7): I'm really, really proud that I'm here on Day 38, but I definitely, 100% convinced that if I do not win this challenge today, there's no more options for Tina. The only way that I got a chance in this game to get to the final three is to win today's challenge.
30. Tyson (6/8): Since the merge, I felt safe 'cause I did have the Hidden Immunity Idol, but idols don't exist right now, they're all done. And we're down to one of the last days and now I need it more than ever. It's make or break. It's do or die right now. So, the most important part of the game is still to come.
31. Tina (6/7): I'm bummed, of course, because I really would've liked to have won the challenge today but at the same time, I can present Monica with the opportunity to do a 2-2 vote, you know? It's a big move and she's not made a big move and so, you know, go out with both guns blazing.
32. Tyson (7/8): This is the first time I've made it to Day 39 and I have a lot of best days in my life... winning the challenge today, is probably pretty close. So, we'll see if I can top it tomorrow by giving a speech so awesome that I win a million dollars. But right now, this is the best day of my life.
33. Gervase (2/4): I was a little bummed by not winning but then I'm ever more bummed because Monica checked me. And I'm like, “Are you kidding me?! We have the same goal here, to not let Tina win, not me!”
34. Gervase (3/4): The plan is real simple tonight: three votes for Tina, she goes home. So, now it's every man and woman for themselves. And, I have to convince the jury why I'm the best player in the game.
35. Monica (7/9): Gervase is playing really hard for that jury vote and so, I need to be on my A game for Tribal Council tonight. Maybe it's Gervase's turn to have his name written down.
36. Tina (7/7): The only way I can stay into this game would be if Monica had some sort of animosity towards Gervase and then she and I could vote for Gervase to do a 2-2 vote and let it go to fire.
37. Monica (8/9): The major dilemma is to make Gervase build fire? Good! I make a big move. That's a huge strategic move and, you know, Gervase has been talking smack about me. Put his feet to the fire, “Alright, buddy, earn your spot in the final three!” Because it also gives me the added benefit of another big move... another big move in front of the jury. So, I'm smacking Gervase back-- big move in front of the jury, but here's the dilemma: what if Tina won? Would I want to sit next to Tina?
38. Tyson (8/8): This morning, me, Monica and Gervase woke up, headed to Tree Mail and the breakfast I've been dreaming of since Day 1 and even before that day, was there and ready for consumption. There were so many moments along the way where I thought, “I'm not gonna do this. I'm not going to get to Day 39.” But with six people left in the game, five people left in the game I thought, “This is actually gonna happen. I'm gonna find myself in the Final Tribal Council.” And now I have to focus on winning a million dollars.
39. Monica (9/9): It's just amazing... the final three and Monica did it without Brad, and without her safety net, and without anybody else, and the help maid, and the mom. She found herself and became Monica again. And if all goes well tonight, I could walk away as the Sole Survivor in the first historic season of Blood vs. Water.
40. Gervase (4/4): A lot of blood, sweat and tears went to get me to where I needed to get in this game and it's all worth it. I have come full circle. I'm one of the original players to ever play this game and after thirteen years, I come back to a game that is totally different than the way I left it and I ended up in the finals. That's not luck, that's not chance. That's because I know how to play this game. So, I'm feeling good heading into this Final Tribal Council. I think I really do have a good shot at winning this million dollars and convincing the jury that I am the Sole Survivor.
