1. Sandra (1/9): He says, "The game starts, you're taking nothing." I was like, "Oh, (expletive censor)!"
2. Shawn (1/7): I'm wearing an Armani suit. How am I going to get by? What am I going to do with a suit?
3. Nicole (1/7): I was like, "Okay, well, this is fine. You know, I don't have a bra on, I hope my dress stays up."
4. Christa (1/7): Rupert is the man. I thought, "This dude is cool. He's a big old hippie, and, uh, he looks strong as an ox.”
5. Osten (1/9): Tijuana, she's unbelievable. She's a Nubian princess. That's how good looking she is.
6. Jon (1/8): I go by the moniker of Jonny Fairplay. I don't play fair.
7. Ryan S (1/8): I was like, "Oh, my God. What have I done?" This is beyond what I bargained for. I knew it was going to be the adventure of a lifetime. I didn't know it was going to be this big of an adventure of a lifetime.
8. Osten (2/9): I don't get in the water. I respect the water. (laughs) Unless I absolutely have to, and I had to. And I'm not, like, that strong of a swimmer, so I was in a state of shock. I was like, "Oh, my Lord. I could be in some-- a world of hurt right now."
9. Rupert (1/11): I never would have thought swimming with my clothes on would have been so hard, but it was. With my big denim jeans, my legs were rubber. It took all I had to keep kicking and getting it to shore. I was spent, and it hadn't even started yet.
10. Ryan S (2/8): We didn't come to shore together at all. I was hoping that we would come together with some plans and some goals, uh, what we wanted to go to first, but that wasn't the case at all. Uh, some of the girls took off. And, uh, Ryno, he-he just took off. He was gone-- it's like he wasn't even part of the tribe. He was gone and he had his own mission and I don't even remember him consulting anybody about it.
11. Ryan O (1/3): I wanted to check out the village and get to certain places and find where stuff was first and also try to find where the boat was. And I run all the way down to the boat dock, and I didn't have a map. I didn't have any money to pay this guy.
12. Rupert (2/11): When I got to those stairs, I was done. We sit the sucker down, and I needed to rest. The other team, Morgan, came up, sat their stuff down next to us, and all left. This is definitely a pirate adventure. Pirates pillage, pirates steal, pirates take advantage. If they were gonna be silly enough to put it right next to me, I'm gonna put it in my thing. All their trade goods, all the little women's shoes, the insoles. Everything that I could find in theirs, I took. I've always said I will lie, cheat and steal to win this game. There was my stealing. I stole for the Drake.
13. Rupert (3/11): We are pirates, so we pirated.
14. Osten (3/9): The way we attacked getting our supplies at the village was, uh, a bit chaotic. It was confusion. We only had a limited amount of money, so I made an impulsive decision to sell my clothes to benefit my tribe.
15. Osten (4/9): You know, you gotta fast-talk some people. And I was willing to try to do whatever it took to-to make the sale so that we could have more money for my group to do whatever we needed to do with the money.
16. Nicole (2/7): Osten goes, "You know, girls, we don't necessarily have to spend our money with these old guys. They're really horny, so you can just show them your boobs." He didn't even know our names, really yet, or-or us at all. That was his first, you know, introduction to us. So I was just, like, "This guy's a jerk."
17. Jon (2/8): Sandra, she was so amazing in the town, because she spoke the language and worked out all these incredible deals and we would-- it wouldn't have been possible.
18. Sandra (2/9): When we got to the village, I was lucky that I knew Spanish. And I was trying to bargain with the lady at the store and ask people for certain things.
19. Sandra (3/9): The lady at the store had it in for Trisha. Trisha thought the lady was laughing and giggling with her or whatever. But the lady actually, I think, you know, liked her in a sexual way. There's, uh, Trisha hugging the lady, laughing and giggling like it's all good. And I'm like, "Yo, we need to go."
20. Christa (2/7): I feel that the village people really respected Sandra because she was being nice and decent about things and respectful, unlike the other tribe that was screaming at people.
21. Tijuana (1/6): We're walking out with the merchandise we paid for and then another person says, "No, you didn't pay for it?! Wait, what? I-I'm sorry?” So, it definitely was a difficult situation, especially when you don't know all of the words that you need to say.
22. Nicole (3/7): I don't really get along with Tijuana. She seemed, like, extremely overexcited about certain things and that was just frustrating for me.
23. Tijuana (2/6): We handled it to the best of our ability. And, in the end, they came out on top by saying, "Basically, we'll give this to you." So it worked out well.
24. Sandra (4/9): We went around the corner, and there was this lady having-- they were dancing. She was having a barbecue, and I says, "You know, I'll give you this gold chain for everything you have here." And she looked at my chain, she was like, "Yeah." I put the chain around her neck, and she was like, "What do you want?" I said, "I want all your chicken. I want your aluminum foil. I want your ketchup, your hot sauce, the barbecue sauce." She had a cutting board, a knife. Everything! The only thing we didn't take was the grill.
25. Tijuana (3/6): I was definitely pissed to see the Drake tribe and all of the wealth that they'd come into, all of the fortune. That definitely just kind of deflates you a little bit, like, "Man, we could have done that." We could have been even more prepared. They were taking their time, and we weren't.
26. Ryan S (3/8): We had money left over. We should have spent absolutely all of the money. I don't think we, uh, fundamentally did-did the right-right decision. I think, I think we could have gotten a few more good supplies. I think people were just too anxious to get on the boat and get-get the thing started.
27. Osten (5/9): As far as getting enough of what we need, only time will tell.
28. Sandra (5/9): We did very well in the village. You know, we-we managed to get a ton of stuff for the little bit of money we had.
29. Shawn (2/7): We got fishing line, a bunch of hooks. I know we got a fishing spear, uh, for catching fish. Um, we got wine, we got a-a huge tarp, we got two machetes, which are essential. I put about forty dollars in my pocket, so it wouldn't be in the bag, just as a safety measure 'cause I figured, with that, I can definitely get a ride.
30. Christa (3/7): We're pretty well fit for the jungle right now. I think we're… we're definitely ready to go all-out for the next 40 days.
31. Ryan S (4/8): Seeing the flag, I'm thinking, "I can't believe I'm here. This is the coolest thing that's ever happened to me in my entire life.” I think that should be the first big celebration, the sheer excitement. There was none of that.
32. Ryan S (5/8): I got off the boat last. I walked up, and already people were talking about, "I know where we’re going to put our camp? Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.” I was, like, "Man, we're here! Let's jump up and down. Let's give some hugs. Let's do something." There's none of that.
33. Osten (6/9): I was in game mode. I wanted to get it done. The words "sunrise is going down quickly" came in my head. I knew that we needed to act fast.
34. Ryan S (6/8): Osten was running up and down, looking for the perfect spot to put the camp. Osten's a big dude. I mean, he's got, like, muscles out to yay, and, uh, I've been noticing them the whole time because he-he-he lets you know he has muscles, lets you know, "Hey, I am strong." I'm like, “Okay.”
35. Osten (7/9): Lillian in her scout uniform was interesting, to say the least. I was completely thrown off-kilter when I saw that. I didn't know what the hell was going on or whether it was a joke or what was going on. I was just confused.
36. Lillian (1/6): It's real hard to take off the scout hat. It's real hard not to be the scoutmaster here.
37. Andrew (1/7): There's this big shale rock wall, and we think there's this great bamboo post just naturally lying around, and we're like, "This is the best."
38. Ryan O (2/3): We made sure we had somewhat of a shelter. It was a... a lean-to. (laughs) But… oh, well. You can only do so much in that amount of time.
39. Shawn (3/7): Burton, as well as, um, myself, you know, off the start, we started getting everything going. We were just a little more strong personalities, a little more physical, you know, uh, mentally, as well.
40. Trish (1/2): I was surprised at how quickly we all worked together. I mean, we didn't know who we were, what your name was yet. And, um, within a matter of probably ten minutes, we all sort of spread out and it worked out pretty well.
41. Burton (1/4): One of the first items on our to-do list when we got here was build a shelter. And we did that. And actually, it looked pretty good.
42. Christa (4/7): I was really tired, I mean, just exhausted. It was like, "For the love of God!" I mean, I just wanted to breathe for a second! I was like, "Does anybody have water?!"
43. Sandra (6/9): Burton opened up a coconut, and he shared the coconut milk with only Shawn and Michelle. I gave Christa the look and I said, "Did they offer you any coconut milk?" And she was like, "No, and I wanted some."
44. Trish (2/2): Shawn and Burton are a little out there in their leadership. I just think they need to be a little careful of that, because they've already alienated some people.
45. Rupert (4/11): Shawn is being a pain in the butt! We're a strong little team, but the dynamic duo there that are posturing for the lead role need to be a little more careful because they're going to make everybody hate them.
46. Jon (3/8): After making the shelter, we went to go get water.
47. Jon (4/8): It's about a quarter of a mile to our water. It's not that bad. However, that's where every single mosquito on this planet lives. Every one of ‘em.
48. Michelle (1/4): I am getting eaten alive. Every single one of us. It's worse than I have ever, ever, ever seen.
49. Jon (5/8): We’re getting torn up pretty bad. I'm the least out of anyone. (shows elbows) That's it. That's all I got. Shawn? (laughs) He looks like the moon, except in reverse.
50. Lillian (2/6): We saw some running water, and, uh, looked pretty orange, it looked rusty. It was not the kind of water you'd want to drink, even if you boiled it 42 hours.
51. Osten (8/9): We meandered throughout this beach trying to guesstimate where the water may or may not be, which was just a crucial mistake. Water's essential. You need that. Eh, the-the heat, the humidity, your body's evaporating fluids constantly. And they need to be replenished, or you'll dehydrate and you'll be going home. And I don't want to go home right now.
52. Nicole (4/7): The rocks falling from the cliff, um, that just didn't work out at all because we think it's going to get worse, especially if it starts to rain.
53. Nicole (5/7): As far as the little hermit crabs, we think that we're living in their home, pretty much, because they were just crawling all over us, and they pinch. And there were, I mean, literally dozens of them crawling through there.
54. Ryan O (3/3): Osten thought there was a snake, but it was a palm frond that kept curling and moving. And he freakin'... he's pushing people out of there, and we're laughing.
55. Osten (9/9): If I see something or feel something, I automatically go right into… freak-out mode, and I don't know why. Every time. It-it-it just never fails.
56. Andrew (2/7): It's hilarious-- we call him "Scary Mary," because he's never really been in a jungle environment, and any little thing… and if it touches his toe, he leaps out of the air and just shrieks.
57. Jon (6/8): I was big on getting the booze yesterday. We ended up trading a pair of mismatched shoes for some jugs of wine and that was a big deal to me.
58. Burton (2/4): I don't know if it's moonshine, wine, or just grain alcohol, but we crack it open and taste it-- it's the best-tasting stuff we've ever had.
59. Rupert (5/11): Jon, he reminds me of my boys who I mentor who just pop off stupid stuff. You know, talk about getting some honey, or… smoking something, drinking something.
60. Jon (7/8): Everyone laughs at all my jokes. I knew going in that was going to be a huge bonus for me because I'm not very strong, and I-I don't profess to be. However, I'm a funny guy.
61. Christa (5/7): Jon is a goofball. You can kind of get the whole group laughing and get it together. I mean, which is great, because we definitely need that out here, but I think at times, he's a little obnoxious.
62. Sandra (7/9): I really can't stand him. He talks too much crap-- all night long, cursing. He thinks it's cute, but it isn't. It gets old. It's already old.
63. Michelle (2/4): Sleeping last night soaking wet really sucked. We did not purchase any clothes in the village. We didn't think it was necessary at the time.
64. Sandra (8/9): Out of all the things that could happen, I never thought that this would be one of them, to just have whatever you had on and that was it.
65. Rupert (6/11): I'm wearing my fancy-- my dress jeans. Suckers were thick and hard and heavy. And them pants killed my crotch where nice wet denim rubs for a day and a half and just starts eating that skin away.
66. Christa (6/7): A lot of us were pretty miserable, but it was like, "Wait a second!" There's really a lot of stuff that you can do with just a few pieces of clothing.
67. Shawn (4/7): I'm wearing a nice Armani suit, but I had no choice-- they just had to come off. As shorts, they dry in half the time, but I saved the bottoms, 'cause I'm planning on making them into convertible pants for the night.
68. Christa (7/7): My dress was falling apart, so we decided to go ahead and improvise.
69. Michelle (3/4): We had a little fashion club meeting and took apart her dress.
70. Jon (8/8): Half of her dress is now a skirt for Michelle and the other half is a skirt for “Blackbeard.”
71. Rupert (7/11): I got the little teasing and laughing with the girls as we made it and I put it on and I looked really silly. It's done. I'm wearing a dress. I'm never gonna put them pants back on.
72. Lillian (3/6): The biggest thing that we need is water. They say we'll go later for the water. Personally… we need to do it now.
73. Tijuana (4/6): We were looking everywhere for the water source, not thinking, "Oh, let's look at the map." Looked at the map, found “Water Well,” so it was exciting because we'd been needing water for so long.
74. Andrew (3/7): Actually yesterday, we built a half A-frame up against a shale wall. It's actually pretty funny, because I think the shale wall was the home to about 300 hermit crabs, which paid us a visit in the middle of the night. So, I thought we should probably move our shelter, so we're doing a little penthouse suite here. It's actually going to have a floor. We don't want to be on the floor anymore, so-- where the crabs can get us.
75. Ryan S (7/8): Lillian, I think I'm her-- probably her best friend at the moment. She kind of looks at the other girls as trying to be cute and pretty and stuff. And, uh, and-and me-me and her go off and have a good time and talk and stuff.
76. Lillian (4/6): The one person who befriended me with sincere friendship was Ryan Shoulders. Ryan's a good kid.
77. Burton (3/4): I'm a very active person. I don't like to sit around doing absolutely nothing, and we had the speargun, and I looked around, I was like, "Hey, guys, I think I'm gonna go out."
78. Burton (4/4): Shawn went with me, and we went out and we were swimming around and got into this huge mess of fish just all over the place.
79. Shawn (5/7): Burton had the spear at first, then next thing I know, he cocks it… and, all of a sudden, we got a fish. I'm so excited that, you know, all right, this thing works. We can do this.
80. Rupert (8/11): It feels great to be able to catch food, but I knew that one fish just wasn't going to be enough, so I took the spear. So, I start catching fish. After I got that, I thought, "Okay, some more. Some more." I was thrilled. I've never seen a saltwater catfish. I didn't know they made such an animal.
81. Rupert (9/11): I got to the point where I thought I was going to get eight of them. Everybody was going to get their own fish. I didn't get eight, but we got us fish.
82. Shawn (6/7): Rupert's definitely a huge asset. I mean, he worked his ass off, but he was beat. I mean, it took him hours to recover from that.
83. Rupert (10/11): I had a great day. I don't know if I can keep up the workload that I'm putting on myself, but that's what I told myself I was going to do. I'm coming out here to be the caretaker. I'm trying to make these people believe that there is no way you can get along without me, and I think I'm doing it.
84. Ryan S (8/8): The very first moment Andrew gave the presence of a leader, nobody challenged it.
85. Nicole (6/7): I made a suggestion just because I knew I didn't want to be the leader, uh, but I knew that we needed somebody, so we appointed Andrew ahead of time as our leader before the challenge.
86. Andrew (4/7): The Morgan tribe, I think, is very ready for the challenge. Biggest concern from my standpoint, from our tribe is, uh, Osten was having difficulty with his shorts last couple of days, staying up. The crack of his bottom kept showing, and we said, during any activity against the other tribe, if his shorts go down, Ryan and I told him that, uh, we're a team, we're a family, and we won't make him embarrassed by being nude, so, we'll, uh, do the same.
87. Shawn (7/7): When we won that challenge, we beat them not on brute strength alone, but we beat them on-on, basically, in my opinion, willpower. They gave up and we didn't. You know, we almost did, but we didn't and I think that's why we made it to the end.
88. Michelle (4/4): At the Immunity Challenge, I looked back and I saw one guy with his junk just hanging out just like, you know, nobody's business. And that-- I was like, "Whoa! I shouldn't be looking." (laughs)
89. Sandra (9/9): I wasn't impressed. I don't know what was going on with them. I wish their ding-a-lings got stuck on a vine or I don't know. That was just stupid.
90. Rupert (11/11): When I turned around and saw them idiots bouncing around naked in the mud, in the muck, in the stickers, in the thorns… (chuckles) it was hilarious.
91. Lillian (5/6): I took the challenge loss, I think, the hardest, because I feel like I am… going to be encouraged to leave. (chuckles) I think my teammates like me, but someone has to go. No one else has said, "Side with me," other than Nicole.
92. Lillian (6/6): Nicole came to me, and... she wants to get rid of Tijuanda. You know, okay? You know, why?
93. Andrew (5/7): Lilly... I had-had some conversations with her, and I believe everything she says. I don't think she has a dishonest bone in her body. Nicole approached Lilly because Tijuana was apparently being too bossy and was annoying Nicole.
94. Andrew (6/7): We're just trying to figure out who said what to whom and-and whether Nicole could be trusted.
95. Tijuana (5/6): What I had to do is find out is Nicole lying. Was she really trying to put me on the cutting block? I really believe that she was. I think Lill-- I just don't think she has a reason to lie.
96. Nicole (7/7): I did talk to Lillian to get rid of Tijuana, but word got out of that because Lill's freaked out that she's getting voted off tonight, so she's telling everybody. I set myself up in a really bad position, telling some truths, telling some half-truths and trying to get things to go my way.
97. Darrah (1/1): I was getting along with Nicole there for a little while, which I still am but, you know, now I don't know if I can trust her.
98. Tijuana (6/6): As far as Nicole, I think it is enemy status. It's gotten to that point. I can't trust her. So, yeah, she's definitely an enemy. She came right off the bat trying to take me down. For what purposes? For what?
99. Andrew (7/7): And the people that I think are at risk: Skinny Ryan. I don't-- he just hasn't been pulling his weight at camp or at the challenge. Nicole, with the high drama today, she's been labeled in some people's eyes as being dishonest. And, uh, so her neck's on the line, because we don't know if we can trust her. And Lilly, is her neck on the chopping block? Yeah, she's definitely, uh, a contender to be voted out tonight.
1. Tijuana (1/4): When it comes time for night, it's breaking us down. Um, it's breaking me down, I know. It's very hard to not be able to sleep. It's very hard to freeze every night. And there's nothing you can do about it. The wind is coming… you don't have any control. It's beating all of us up.
2. Osten (1/3): I mean, I'm not expecting it to be any Holiday Inn. I mean, clearly not. Just shivering every night, that-that, uh… that gets me. And I know it's... to me, it seems like it's only a matter of time before, you know, something like pneumonia or something like that could settle in 'cause I don't have any clothes.
3. Andrew (1/5): One of my biggest concerns has been sleep deprivation. We had one to two hours total in three nights. And, uh, you know, if we don't solve that problem, people are going to start hallucinating.
4. Ryan S (1/4): Last night, I don't-- I don't even remember sleeping. You know, I think I'm going to be able to go once I get a few bottles of water in me and a little bit of food, I should be fine. But I got to find a plan for me, 'cause this isn't working for me. I'm going to try and come up with a backup plan.
5. Osten (2/3): Skinny Ryan, his best day doesn't equate to what I can do on my worst day. That's no knock on him. It's just, physically, he just has nothing to offer. He just doesn't have what it takes to-to get it done.
6. Rupert (1/6): I am loving life and loving this place and loving the position I'm in. I am in paradise. What more do I want? I'm living in a bounty of food. I've got beautiful souls around me. And I've got some help being strong. People are not truly lazy per se. People are having a hard time in paradise.
7. Rupert (2/6): I love being in the middle of a gigantic fish tank. I love being able to go out and, in a couple of hours, bring a sack of fish home.
8. Rupert (3/6): It's more of a pain in the ass for me to give him my spear and worry about it being lost or being, you know, broken or whatever where I and then I will be in trouble because that's my food. I need to eat meat.
9. Ryan S (2/4): Oh, we just got some Tree Mail. It's a big one for us and a super big one for me. There may not be more pressure for any Survivor in the history of Survivor to do well at a challenge than me.
10. Ryan S (3/4): There's all this talk about how I didn't give 100% in the last challenge. And what really sucks is, I gave more than 100%. So now, I've got to come up with some kind of extra, extra strength that I may… may not even have harnessed away in this poor little body.
11. Burton (1/1): It's really exciting knowing that there's treasure out there. We're just-- our hands are tied right now 'cause it's high tide and we can't do anything. But as soon as it's low tide, we're going to go out there because who knows what could be in there and I'm sure, whatever it is, it could be beneficial.
12. Michelle (1/1): No matter who goes, if you're a nice person or not, if you had another tribe member come up to your camp and take something of yours, you wouldn't like them either. I was happy that she went (laughs) rather than myself.
13. Andrew (2/5): They kicked our butts today. And one of the reasons it hurts so much is because we did so miserably. We are at a subsistence level right now. I mean, we're just getting by. So, when some little punk from Drake comes by here to take one of our items, it doesn't sound like a big deal, but when you're living this, it's huge.
14. Sandra (1/3): When I arrived at-at the Morgan tribe, I could not believe that they-they just didn't have anything. It's unbelievable. I don't know how they're getting through.
15. Sandra (2/3): And so I looked around and I went looking for the water jug. Well, they had no water jug. So I said, "Wait a minute."
16. Sandra (3/3): In order for me to get the tarp, I had to destroy their whole shelter, which I started feeling bad until they started running their mouths. I go to a grab a knife and the black girl's like, "No, no, no, no, no. You're not going to use our knife and you better not cut our rope." So I was like, "Okay. Regardless, I'm taking the tarp down."
17. Darrah (1/1): Sandra came over and she was just… I don't know. That whole tribe is just… is a bunch of (expletive censor). She acted like she was nice about taking the tarp. But I think she was a little bit too snatchy about it and tore it down kind of on purpose.
18. Andrew (3/5): So everyone was devastated by the loss of our tarp and Osten was throwing in the towel. He was finished. He was ready to walk off. We need people around that are on the ups, that are digging this game, and this is great stuff. We don't need people just walking around, "I don't-- I want to go home, I," you know? It's a real morale-killer for the tribe.
19. Tijuana (2/4): Osten had mentioned to me that he was potentially thinking about quitting. And I just wanted to talk to him in a calm fashion and truly understand and then give him my personal opinion.
20. Tijuana (3/4): I think I'm done now. I've made my peace; I've said what I needed to say. It's up to him, what he wants to do. Only he knows what's best for him.
21. Shawn (1/2): Went fishing, to catch some fish, and I was out there in the, um, heavy tides and the currents. Shot the spear, and, um, the tip winded up coming off and, um, either got lodged under a rock or is swirling around somewhere in the tide. But I just couldn't swim anymore, so I had to come back in and break the news.
22. Rupert (4/6): The current was so strong, and it was throwing him into the rocks, and-- now, remember this is in our little inlet where it's a bathtub. He couldn't find the spearhead. He gives up.
23. Shawn (2/2): I had a little mishap, and I lost the tip of the spear. When I confronted Rupert, he kind of freaked out a little because he, you know, he got attached to that as well. That became his little thing, you know, catching fish. And I was pretty upset about it because, you know, I do care about what others think, of course, and I know how certain people feel.
24. Christa (1/1): Shawn is the biggest puss I have ever met in my entire life.
25. Rupert (5/6): My spear is gone, the head is gone. There's no more meat. There's no more meat. They're talking about tying the damn fork off to it. (shrugs) He could not even tell me where he lost it at. So I go out and I-I start doing a grid pattern. I start from the trees, start from where I know he wasn't, and on my grid pattern, I'd do about a size of a football field. You're looking at a general area that's five or six football fields.
26. Rupert (6/6): I feel better. I stopped yelling and screaming at him and cussing at him and calling him bad names. I know finding that spear made him feel better. If we hadn't have found the spear, he, for sure, would have been done, done, done.
27. Andrew (4/5): We lost, uh, Immunity Challenge today. Tribal Council tonight. Tribe's pretty devastated, actually. Of course, the critical decision tonight is who's going to go? Who's leaving the Morgan tribe?
28. Ryan S (4/4): At first, when Osten told me that he wanted to quit, I was really shocked. But then, the more I thought about it, the more it made sense. This is a game where you've got to have your whole heart into this and it just doesn't seem like he's got it and it's only Day 6.
29. Andrew (5/5): If you think about Osten's strength, his physical strength is huge. We can't compete with, you know, Grizzly Adams, and those other two horses. It-it’s-- without Osten, it's impossible.
30. Osten (3/3): Enough's enough. I feel like, sleep out in the cold just until I get pneumonia? Just to win a million dollars? And, if I don't win it, then I got fluid in my lungs, potentially, blood in my lungs. It doesn't matter who you are, you got no control over your body. If your body wants to make you stop, you're stopping.
31. Lillian (1/1): Osten's excuse was his body was giving out. I saw him on the beach. He's running up and down, throwing coconuts, lifting logs, playing. There's nothing wrong with his body. He just got beat, and he couldn't take being beat.
32. Tijuana (4/4): I was personally upset and disappointed with Osten for quitting. I just can't understand. I just can't fathom it. He has what it takes, in my opinion. That's what pisses me off.  It's because I care about him. How can you cut yourself short? You know, you got here. When it comes down to it, if that's the decision that he makes, then it is his heart that's not here. And, if that's the case, he would have to go.
1. Andrew (1/14): We only have six tribemates left. I keep looking around for, uh, two more. It's kind of strange. Morale is low. We need a victory, any kind of victory.
2. Lillian (1/4): I'm praying to give us strength. Maybe l’m praying for something so personal-- my husband, my troop, my new friend Ryan. Tribal Council was difficult because l lost, it felt like, my best friend in the tribe. And l did vote for Osten after some conversation… that yeah, he quit. He's the one that didn't have the heart. So what l'm doing is I'm just staying in here as long as l can. I'm just going to show that l'm worthy to stay here-- maybe above, uh, Darrah. She's sitting underneath the shelter right now.
3. Andrew (2/14): You know, there was one point, uh, that Osten threw in the towel and said he wanted to leave. But my concern is that, from a physical standpoint, he's somewhat anchoring our tribe.
4. Osten (1/2): We're not winning challenges right now. We're not winning Immunity Challenges, we're not winning anything. It gets you down a little bit. But, you know, you just got to pick it up, just use that as extra motivation. You know, l sat back, said a prayer to the good man upstairs and, um… I'm not gonna quit. You know, would l like to be sitting at home right now eating about three double cheeseburgers? Absolutely. But, l'm not right now.
5. Andrew (3/14): Every tribemate has an obligation to the tribe that you have to check, you know, your mental infirmities at the door, get rid of those, and just suck it up and do what you need to do. Really, for Osten, the key is mental stability and it's-it's something he's going to struggle with his entire time out here. So, l'm just going to do everything l can to-to help the guy out, to get him back to that-that awesome, larger-than-life individual he was when he set foot on this beach.
6. Burton (1/1): After winning the first Reward Challenge, we got the first third of our treasure map. It said, "If you go when the time is right"-- and the only way time really affects things around here is tide, so it must mean something you can only get to during low tide or see during low tide.
7. Michelle (1/1): So we took out the boat-- we decided we’d go and look for big landmarks and we went around for I don't know how long we were out for, and it was hard because the more we were searching, the more possibilities we were coming up with.
8. Trish (1/1): I want to find that treasure so bad. It just eats me up that there's a treasure out there that could have warm clothes or junk food or potato chips or, l don't know, something in there.
9. Shawn (1/2): We're baffled right now. We've been searching and searching and haven't found the treasure yet, but we'Il find it.
10. Rupert (1/2): Our tribe went out half-cocked. I played into that for a while, too, until l started thinking about it. Pirates were not idiots, and people are not idiots, and you don't bury things in the sand that you don't want to be washed back up.
11. Shawn (2/2): Kind of got a little discouraged and decided to, um, take a break and check another time, and hopefully get another piece of the map today, so we can get that next clue.
12. Ryan O (1/5): Right now, we need this win, I think, more than anything. When we read the Tree Mail, it was a reward for some sleeping material. So, l'm assuming, like, blankets and pillows and stuff like that. And then, we get to raid the other tribe's camp.
13. Jon (1/3): We're heading into a Reward Challenge, so we have to think about who we're going to sit out, because we are getting the advantage over the Morgan tribe and we will have to sit out, you know, two people. If it happens to be a swimming challenge, Sandra's not the best swimmer in the world.
14. Sandra (1/2): I said, "When we jumped off the boat the very first day, I had already landed on shore. He was still out there doggy paddling.” So, he's weaker than l am. But he gets mad. He doesn't want to seem like he's the weakest one out here, which he is.
15. Jon (2/3): I walked away because she could argue all day long. That's because she's foolish.
16. Sandra (2/2): Screw Jon, 'cause he's an ass. Everything that comes out of his mouth is just ridiculous.
17. Jon (3/3): Her days are numbered. We have bigger threats to get rid of first, but she's not one of the final four. (chuckles) So-- and l, and l got a mil that says she won't be the final one. (chuckles)
18. Andrew (4/14): Well, we just came back from our second Reward Challenge. We lost miserably. All-time low, the Morgan tribe. They won, they get the bed, they get the pillows and the blankets and that's something that strikes so near and dear to our hearts, because the only thing we ever complain about is the, uh, sleeping, um, facility.
19. Andrew (5/14): Right now, the problem with the Morgan tribe is we're doubting ourselves. We're doubting whether we can actually win. Osten's on the fence. I don't... l don't know if he has the confidence. He definitely doesn't have the confidence he had in Day 3.
20. Ryan O (2/5): A little bit ago, Lill went fishing by herself. I think we need to be more of a team and we're still doing this separatist stuff and l'm-l'm tired of it. It's nothing against her, it's just, here we are again, spreading out.
21. Lillian (2/4): I decided last night we need some food. The rice had sand in it. I can't even swallow that without throwing up. So, l told the guys I was gonna go fishing, and they said, "Well, you need two people." Well, they still are in bed.
22. Lillian (3/4): I think we started with three or four hooks. We're down to one. There was a blowfish in the water, which l know you can't eat, and they're the ones that kept taking my bait. And then l lost the hook.
23. Andrew (6/14): I'm shocked, actually. I'm a… a deer in headlights because she's a Boy Scout troop master and she knows many different knots, including the fisherman's knot. And the only way you lose a hook like that is two ways: either the line breaks, which it didn't, or your knot wasn't secure, which it wasn't.
24. Ryan O (3/5): I'm pissed. She's being a little bit impatient about the whole issue of going fishing. And if she waited just that little bit, I would have been able to go with her, but next thing you know, she's gone, and l wasn't too happy about it.
25. Lillian (4/4): If we lose the next go-around, it's either me or Darrah. So, l was hoping that l could, you know, just shine a little bit here.
26. Christa (1/4): I was chosen among our-our tribe here to go loot the other tribe, as part of our reward for winning the challenge the other day. The last time, Sandra came back and reported that they had one water pot for all their food and all their water. So, group decision, we're taking their water pot.
27. Rupert (2/2): If their pot is the only water cleaning source they have, my God, l feel terrible about taking it. But l have to remind myself, we are pirates and this is our game. And Drake is the power to be reckoned with.
28. Ryan O (4/5): Right now, l'm making a, uh-- or trying to make a dragnet, maybe to catch some fish. I got to become MacGyver out here to be able to survive, l guess. (chuckles)
29. Andrew (7/14): Not a good morning. One of the, uh, infamous Drake tribe members is coming over to loot our camp to take one of our prized possessions. We don't have a whole lot right now.
30. Ryan O (5/5): The two boiling pots are in a strategic area. The one thing that l hope we don't lose is the silver pan, because we need it to boil water in. But it's got some really, really nasty, uh, blanket in it right now that's been cooking for a while, so, you know, let ‘em, uh, take the thing hot. I don't care. Burn their hands. (chuckles)
31. Christa (2/4): Thank God they had another pot. Thank God! I would've felt horrible. I don't even think I could have looked at any of them in the eyes when l left.
32. Christa (3/4): It was just really hard because l was just put so on the spot. I felt so under pressure-- everybody was trying to hammer me with questions, and l was just trying to think of the right thing to say.
33. Christa (4/4): I didn't tell them anything. At least l was trying not to tell them anything, and it was just really hard. It was overwhelming. It was overwhelming. I just wanted to get out of there. I just wanted to get out of there!
34. Andrew (8/14): I think, right now, the Morgan tribe, mentally, is probably stronger than the Drake tribe, because we have experienced so much defeat. You know, they've probably been sleeping better than us, they probably have the same amount of water. They definitely have the same amount of bug bites. But they have this euphoria, the adrenaline that naturally results from winning, and that's huge out here. We haven't had that yet. So l can't wait for Drake to suffer some defeat and see if they just crumble.
35. Andrew (9/14): And we just got some, uh, Tree Mail. It indicated we should select our smallest and our strongest. Osten has struggled a little bit, uh, psychologically in the last couple of days. He clearly has the physical strength, but he also has to have the focus and the mental toughness.
36. Darrah (1/1): We need to win this challenge today bad, because going to Tribal Council is not fun, and, you know, who wants to vote off a member of your own tribe, you know? And now we have six and they have eight.
37. Andrew (10/14): We're down four. Four challenges we've lost. We go to another Tribal Council, we're finished.
38. Andrew (11/14): You know, after this Immunity Challenge, you start thinking to yourselves, "What do we have to do to win?" This was different than a couple of the others, because this, there's nothing else we could've done to win.
39. Osten (2/2): The weight of the world was on my shoulders for a day, and l didn't come up at the end. I just didn't have the energy left to hold it up. I was spent, my hands were chopped up, and the rope just slipped in my-- was slipping through my hands, so it was just a matter of time.
40. Tijuana (1/2): Facing Tribal Council the third time in a row is, uh, disheartening. It's one of us, and l don't want it to be me.
41. Andrew (12/14): Ryno, O.T. and myself and T have... an alliance, I guess you would call it. So we're not going anywhere. So it's either Darrah or Lill.
42. Andrew (13/14): This is a critical vote. We're down to six, we're gonna be down one more, as of tonight. Clearly, Lill's up here-- contributes a hell of a lot more than Darrah, from what l can see at camp. In the challenges, Darrah's probably stronger. I don't think Lill could have done what Darrah did, being suspended in-in the tripod.
43. Tijuana (2/2): Darrah and l, we walked around the cove. We talked about, basically, what's going on. I let her know that… she potentially would be on the cutting block tonight, and she was pretty nonchalant about it. Which kind of concerns me. I don't know what that means. I could very well take it as, does she care, or is she overly confident to know that that's not gonna happen?
44. Andrew (14/14): Does Darrah deserve-- has she earned her spot in our tribe to make it another three days? (ponders) I don't know.
1. Ryan O (1/2): This morning, we had a little bit, uh, higher tides 'cause there's the storm out at sea. So, it kind of blew our little fortress wall away. It seems like, as the month is going on, the tides are getting higher and higher. So, the wall needs to be bigger and bigger. Otherwise, we're going to need to move our shelter somewhere else, and I really don't want to do that. We need to just reinforce it. We're in an uphill fight and we have been ever since we got here. It's almost comical now.
2. Andrew (1/3): We are absolutely devastated. Our morale is low. We at Tribal Council last night, voted out Lill. We definitely feel the impact of her not being there. Darrah and T are taking over the, uh, water responsibilities. I think it's us against everything else out here, against the surf, against the mosquitoes, against the crabs, against the fire ants, everything. We desperately need fish. The, uh, coconut, rice and beans, I mean, it's sufficient for now, but we really need just that extra boost. Also, from a morale standpoint, it would be a huge victory for us to actually catch a fish.
3. Trish (1/2): You know, the mood today has been really funky, l think. It's been really weird. You know, l think people are getting testy, and they're just sort of, you know, we've been out here for ten days and the personalities are starting to get to one another a little bit. And morale for some reason, today, has been really off and on, and l can't figure out why.
4. Christa (1/6): I think because, uh, we've won so many challenges, it's starting to get annoying, uh… (laughs) because we really want somebody to leave.
5. Shawn (1/3): There's definitely tension. Christa's always had her little issues with me, and, you know, she's made her little comments, things that just get on my nerve and l've just smiled right through ‘em and not said anything back. But, at the same time, I take note of everything. What you say is going to come back to get you, and in this case, it's coming back to get her.
6. Christa (2/6): These guys that are here, especially Shawn and Michelle and Burton, l just don't get along with them. I don't feel the connection with them. I don't feel like l can speak my mind like l normally can and, uh, l'd rather have them out of here.
7. Rupert (1/3): You know, l don't know, I turned around and Burton's pointing at my ass and laughing at me and just being an idiot. You know, it's like high school. The-the pretty boy jock-ass idiots all got to pick on me.
8. Trish (2/2): The whole time we've been here, Shawn and Burton and Michelle kind of cliqued up right away. And, you know, l don't know why they did that. I can only assume that the two guys thought they were just so strong, that there's no way they were going to get voted off. And, of course, Michelle's adorable, and so they cliqued right into her. But l don't think they realize that they alienated everybody else in the tribe.
9. Christa (3/6): I love the sewing machine. We couldn't have gotten a better reward, and l think Rupert is awesome. He's the only man that l know that would wear a skirt out in the middle of nowhere just to be comfortable, and he's the only man l know that would start sewing away and have no shame. All he has is pride in his skills, and l think it's awesome that he actually knows how to make his own clothes.
10. Christa (4/6): Burton and Shawn never leave Rupert alone about his skirt. I mean, don't keep talking about something that keeps bothering somebody. If you know it bothers somebody, why don't you just shut up after awhile?
11. Burton (1/6): So after the last Reward Challenge, we finally got our third and final piece of our map for the treasure chest, and we were just bouncing off the walls ready to find it.
12. Sandra (1/2): I'm hoping there's candy and maybe some canned juice and peaches and pineapples in there, l don't know. Anything but rice-- if l see one more grain of rice, I'm gonna… (shakes head) l'Il be upset. I'm gonna go wild.
13. Jon (1/3): We talk about the treasure, we dream about the treasure, we fantasize about the treasure. Like, l've had more, uh, wet dreams about that-that treasure than, uh… than any girl in Playboy.
14. Burton (2/6): We have not found it yet. We're still back to the same dilemma we've been in the whole time, which is… the directions say, "Find the devil's fork." The clues say go fifteen paces due south. The map shows going fifteen paces due north, but there's no obvious devil's fork out here.
15. Shawn (2/3): We've won three challenges, we've gotten three maps. We searched this island high and low, and here it was. We were standing on the freakin' treasure.
16. Sandra (2/2): So after trying and trying and trying to bring the chest up, they said, "Okay, the hell with it. Screw this. Let's pop the chest open." When they cleared away the lock, and finally it popped open and, oh, my God… a stench so awful. Smelled like death.
17. Shawn (3/3): I have to say the one thing that put a smile on everyone's face, and thank God it was in there, was this thing of chocolates. I mean, l don't-- I think we would have ripped each other's heads off if those chocolates weren't in there, because that's how disappointed we were.
18. Burton (3/6): So we open it up, there were goblets, candle holders, candles. We got a lot of canned food. There's sugar, there's honey. Some coffee beans, there were some chocolates, which made everyone feel a lot better. The treasure had leaked a little bit, some of the stuff was wet, and l wanted to say, "You guys grow up. You're being babies about it. We got something and anything is better than nothing."
19. Jon (2/3): The blankets smell like crap. The hammock smells like crap. The mosquito net smells like crap. I-I'd call it a ghetto Christmas. It's like asking for an Incredible Hulk doll and-and getting your sister's Ken doll painted green. It's just not the same thing.
20. Andrew (2/3): Ryno and l are going to have a go at fishing today with the spear because we lost all of our fish hooks. So we decided to go on the other side of the island. The big map indicated some dorsal fins, indicating sharks or fish, so we thought, since we haven't had any luck around here, although we've seen some fish, that we thought the other side of the island may have a multitude of fish.
21. Tijuana (1/1): There is looting this morning for the Drake tribe, and they'Il be coming over to take another item from the Morgan tribe.
22. Osten (1/1): If they want to cripple us, they'Il take our pot. They take our pot, Morgan, as we know it, is no longer, 'cause there's no longer-- we can't cook food, we can't boil water, we'Il be dehydrated, end of game.
23. Darrah (1/1): We're relieved they didn't take our pot 'cause that's our only pot. And that's kind of what we were wanting them to take was the lantern. That's what we were wanting them to take last time. We probably ruined it by putting cooking oil in it, so it's probably not going to work.
24. Andrew (3/3): Clearly this is not the big cove as indicated on the map. It seems to me we went due east, pretty much a straight line. We should have hit the cove dead on and, uh, we didn't, so it's major league frustrating for us. We need fish very, very badly. I mean, we don't have any energy. We don't have any water. Phenomenally frustrating.
25. Ryan O (2/2): Both me and Savage are done. I mean, we're pretty much burned-out. I-l don't even know how long we've been out here, but, uh… I think the tribe's going to be a little bit upset that we don't, uh… have anything for them.
26. Burton (4/6): So last night, l woke up in the middle of the night. Couldn't sleep. I saw that Rupert was up. I'd been meaning to talk to him. I was a little hesitant because he's so gung-ho on the whole Drake tribe.
27. Burton (5/6): As soon as there's a merge, the strongest people are going to be the first people to go. I know right now Rupert and myself are the biggest threats in our tribe.
28. Rupert (2/3): When Burt comes to me and says, "We're going to get rid of some of our Drakes..." as soon as he said that, I wanted to smack him and say, you know, "Traitor." If this was a pirate culture, he'd already be dead.
29. Michelle (1/1): We are, as a group, thinking about throwing the challenge. The alliance that l'm with, we're all ready to get Christa out right now and, therefore, are willing to back off from the challenge, and not give it 100%.
30. Rupert (3/3): My alliance is interested in throwing the challenge to cut out a little bit of cancer in our tribe: namely, Burton. In that, l can sit out on a challenge. I already told them that, if l'm in a challenge, there's no way in hell that l would lose. Throwing a challenge is the stupidest thing that Drake could ever do. But will l stand back and let them do it? Yes, if that's what they want to do.
31. Christa (5/6): It was a little scary that Rupert went away with the other tribe. It was kind of a shocker. And, uh, l got a little nervous after this Immunity Challenge. I-I'm thinking that I could be the next to go. I'm thinking that maybe Jon may go with Michelle, Shawn and Burton, but l highly doubt it. So, l'm going to keep positive thinking and continue to think that he's with Trish, Sandra and l, even though Rupert's gone. And, uh, hopefully it will be Burton to go instead of me.
32. Burton (6/6): Jon claims he's fully on board and, l've got to be honest, all the actions and all the things that Jon has said have been very consistent over the past week about getting Christa off.
33. Christa (6/6): There is a lot of scheming going on. It's very funny. Some of the things that Jon comes back and tells, uh, Trish and Sandra and l. I am somewhat afraid that Jon could be playing me. It's just that he is talking with Shawn and-and Burton and Michelle with such truth in his eyes. And l see it and observe it every day and-and he does the same thing to me, and it just makes me feel uneasy. I just wish that he would talk to them a little bit less convincingly.
34. Jon (3/3): I am so stoked to go to Tribal Council. I am stoked! I want to see it! I can't wait! l think it's going to be awesome knowing that l'm going nowhere. The game's going great for Jonny Fairplay. I got a one-on-one alliance with Shawn. I got a five-way alliance with myself, Trish, Rupert, Christa and Sandra. And l have a four-way alliance with myself, Shawn, Burton, and Michelle. I'm having a blast. It's even more fun than l imagined. I'm on paradise, and-and, uh, l'm a-- I'm a freakin' puppet master. That's all a guy can ask for.
1. Jon (1/2): Last night, en route to Tribal Council, I looked over at Shawn and I said, "I got a little information for you. Burton's gone. Vote however you want. I suggest you write 'Burton.'"
2. Shawn (1/2): I had a core alliance which consisted of myself, Burton, Michelle and, I thought, Jon. I've always been a little weary of Burton, and, um, to be honest with you, I've been looking for a way to get rid of him.
3. Trish (1/4): The joke to me was Shawn just starts trashing Burton. I was insulted. You know, it's like, "How stupid do you think we are?!" I mean, you were with him for 13 days!
4. Shawn (2/2): We were tight, but you know what? This is not a game about tight; this is a game about strategy, and for me, he was going to get voted out, regardless. So, I placed the vote, and I shocked a couple of people who had no idea I was gonna do it. Michelle is the one right now who's clinging for her life, because everyone knows she voted against Christa. And the other person who voted against Christa is no longer here.
5. Michelle (1/3): They're saying, "Oh, now everything's fine." I'm like, "Everything's fine?!" I'm in trouble. I am out here completely by myself.
6. Rupert (1/9): When I first got to the Morgan camp, the beach was pounding away at their shelter. The surf is coming up, and they don't realize that, as the moon is changing, the tide's going to raise another two or three feet. And they're using logs to try and stop the tide from taking their shelter away. It's not going to work.
7. Ryan O (1/4): Right now, we decided to go ahead and move our shelter, 'cause, according to Rupert, by the time the full moon comes, it's gonna-- it would have destroyed that shelter, with the waves and stuff. So, we're going to move our shelter forty feet inland, more towards the jungle.
8. Osten (1/1): We haven't actually got hit by the water yet, so, my thought's, "Wait till it becomes a problem, then deal with it." But they think it's a state of emergency.
9. Darrah (1/2): Osten was pretty aggravated, because he was just wanting to move it up from where we were at. But that way, we're going to have to dig up the whole fire pit and move all the logs.
10. Rupert (2/9): These guys work very hard at not working. They fight and argue and bicker and bitch amongst each other so much that I know why it takes them hours to do anything. I know why they don't really do great in the challenges. I know why they're not really a great team.
11. Ryan O (2/4): Osten, he had an idea, and everybody kind of shot it down. We're going to move our shelter a little bit inland, more towards the jungle, a little bit higher ground. It's kind of like remodeling a house with four bad walls.
12. Trish (2/4): Rupert right now is with the Morgan tribe. He's got to sort of hang out with the enemy and get to know them a little bit. My concern with Rupert is that I'm afraid he's giving away too much information about us and not realizing it.
13. Sandra (1/2): I want Rupert back, 'cause I want to find out what all happened over there, what they talked about, um, if he gave out any pertinent information. Everybody's kind of, um, tripping. They don't know if Rupert went to the other side.
14. Rupert (3/9): I've been dying of thirst since I've been here. I've been hungry since I've been here. Maybe, at least for lunch, I can get a-a belly full of fish. I'm hoping to take Ryan out there, and I'll swim around with him and just kind of be his buddy and see if he can go catch a fish.
15. Rupert (4/9): Ryno? Nice young kid, very willing to learn, wanting to be the provider. Not knowing how to do the providing. Willing to learn on the spear. Willing to go out with me. I'm very comfortable with him.
16. Rupert (5/9): We had one beautiful one that was almost in the bag, and… Ryan lost it, and… I screamed real loud at him, and… I feel bad for him.
17. Andrew (1/5): Rupert's been a godsend. He's an absolute workaholic, work ethic is impeccable.
18. Ryan O (3/4): Probably the smartest thing this tribe ever did was get a hold of Rupert. (chuckles)
19. Tijuana (1/2): That Tree Mail, I'm really excited. It mentioned that there's a possibility we would be cleaned somehow. So we figured we would potentially get something that would dry us off and then something that would keep us clean.
20. Andrew (2/5): This was the first time that I've seen the Drake tribe nervous. The first challenge that we just really smoked those guys. A lot of it was Rupert, but if you saw us in the boat, the Morgan tribe was perfectly in sync. We're on a high. We've proven to ourselves that we can win. And I think that's-- in this game, it's a mental game, and that's critical.
21. Tijuana (2/2): I just cannot wait to wash my body. It just… I just feel like the nastiest (laughs) person on Earth right now.
22. Andrew (3/5): We have a hanging portable shower that we're going to latch up to, a-a palm tree. Take five gallons, and everyone's going to shower. It's absolutely fabulous.
23. Darrah (2/2): The shower worked out fine. I think the guys respected us, you know? They wasn't really watching us, so, um, you know, I respect them for respecting us. So, you know, if they'll do that every time I take a shower, I'm fine with it.
24. Ryan O (4/4): The Morgan tribe seems to be riding a high, and it's-it's great. I-I like that. It's-it's a positive attitude.
25. Rupert (6/9): I love being back home. When Jeff said, "You can enjoy your bounty or go home," there wasn't even a question. I didn't look back. I come home. I didn't need to go share in the loot. I need to go bond with my tribe.
26. Andrew (4/5): We have about this much rice left, and that's it, so I'm going to take a bag of rice.
27. Rupert (7/9): I poured two more bowls full of rice in his bag, and he was happy. That truly was not a looting. That was friends helping friends. There is probably a lot of danger in being too much in control of both tribes. Who knows what my own tribe even thinks of me, but if I push too hard, I will end up alienating someone.
28. Andrew (5/5): I think this speaks volumes on diplomacy, and, uh, there'll be no hard feelings, because I'm hoping, ultimately, in the next handful of days, to be part of their tribe.
29. Trish (3/4): It looks like, for this Immunity Challenge, they're going to blender up all kinds of crazy stuff from the ocean, and we're going to have to drink it. This is going to be my toughest challenge, because I'm just not good at that kind of stuff.
30. Michelle (2/3): I don't really have too many problems with eating disgusting things. Actually, I don't really have a problem at all.
31. Michelle (3/3): So, my plan for the challenge is to play it up and act like I really hate it and just, you know, try to be all girly-girl about it.
32. Trish (4/4): What we're thinking is the other tribe is going to have to pick one person to drink twice, so we're gonna make her be a decoy for all of us.
33. Sandra (2/2): I am so worried because I feel like it's my fault that we lost the Immunity Challenge. I just couldn't get the sardine down. And so, I feel when we go to Tribal Council tonight that, why shouldn't I be the one going home if this is all my fault?
34. Jon (2/2): I feel like the last Immunity Challenge was mind over matter. Obviously, a sardine is bigger than Sandra's mind. Secondly, I'm extremely pissed off at Michelle. Michelle was planning on pretending as though she would be the worst in the bunch when in reality she was technically the best. But her freakin' ego wouldn't let her do it, and, uh… (gives middle finger) that's what I feel about her ego right now.
35. Rupert (8/9): Michelle feels like she is going. She is trying to make a plea that she works as hard, if not harder, than Shawn, and she eats lots less. She never takes more than her share.
36. Rupert (9/9): She swayed me enough that I will mention it to others. Do we want to take Shawn out of this game? It's Day 15-- he was our first pick on Day 2.
1. Rupert (1/6): My first Tribal Council sucked. I was mad and l was tired. I was pissed off. I didn't want to be there.
2. Rupert (2/6): They still do not see that we gave Morgan some great momentum. They don't see that.
3. Rupert (3/6): For a while, everybody knew a Drake was gonna win this. Now, there is question.
4. Rupert (4/6): This morning, I went and checked on Balboa. He was dead.
5. Shawn (1/3): Rupert was a little upset. You know, he gets really attached to funny little things and the snake was one of ‘em. I don't know why he's so worried about a little snake he found in the water, but, you know, who knows? That's Rupert.
6. Andrew (1/5): There's a pelican that just came by camp, and Ryno has a soft spot for animals, which is great. So, Ryno starts petting it, making it feel good, and he's just trying to help it out. So, it was pretty funny.
7. Darrah (1/1): I think it's hilarious that Osten is scared of every little thing. I mean, he's such a big guy, you would think that, you know, he wouldn't be scared of anything, but, you know, he's scared of every little bug.
8. Osten (1/1): I don't like animals. I’ve been bit by a couple of animals, and the next animal that bites me will die.
9. Andrew (2/5): Ryno's just trying to help out a poor old pelican and O.T.'s just being an ass. There's no other way to look at it. He's just being an ass, sharpening machete. That's the dumbest thing I've ever seen. In fact, I was embarrassed by that. (shakes head)
10. Ryan O (1/1): I believe Osten was afraid of it. He was-- he was pissing me off. I mean, if you're afraid of the jungle, and you're afraid of the sea, and you're afraid of birds… you know what? Don't even come out here.
11. Trish (1/4): Rupert felt that if we could elevate bamboo off the ground, even a few inches, that that would stop the biting at night. Even though most of us did not understand or agree that this was going to help anything, we would do anything to stop the biting.
12. Sandra (1/4): So, everybody starts taking the shelter apart and what happened? Shawn told Jon, "Well… l think this is all a waste of time. I don't think we should be wasting our energy doing all of this." Shawn kept looking for excuses why not to help and Jon's, like, had it up to here with him.
13. Sandra (2/4): I'm glad Jon put him in his place. And after that, what happened? Shawn practically put the whole shelter together. Maybe Shawn should get a clue that he's not anybody's buddy here. That he needs to get whatever has to happen done. He needs to make sure we win the challenge… or he's going home, and that's it.
14. Trish (2/4): You know, l think we're feeling vulnerable going into this next challenge. We really want to get our momentum back. And we've lost three challenges in a row.
15. Shawn (2/3): I mean, it was just like a dream come true. And when we came back here, everyone seasoned up their own meat and made their own steaks and it was unbelievable.
16. Sandra (3/4): It felt good coming home with all that stuff. We tore it up. We cooked the lobster first. Then, came around to the steak. And l just picked it up off the grill and l just ate it off the fork. It was so delicious. It was the greatest steak I've ever had.
17. Jon (1/3): I'm about to go looting and taking some of that old pirate's booty. I'm going to have fun today. Their morale is pretty low as a result of losing the Reward Challenge. Uh… so l-l plan on taking that morale and jumping (jumps up and down) on it, just up and down so it's absolutely nothing come immunity time and that's the goal. (chuckles)
18. Andrew (3/5): Little Jon from Drake came to our camp to raid it. He was a lot more humble than he usually is. He looked like he put his diplomat hat on, remembered some of his people skills and he-he wasn't as cocky or as arrogant.
19. Andrew (4/5): Then Little Jon indicated nothing would make him happier than to have some shampoo to wash his hair. Gave him some shampoo, a diplomatic gesture on our part.
20. Andrew (5/5): He claims he threw the chess/checker water challenge. I think that's just nonsense and l think it's bad sportsmanship for him, little bastard, to indicate that we didn't fair and square win that challenge. So l don't think they did throw it. But just for that little pissant to take that away from us, it's ridiculous. You know, he came here to ruffle some feathers and he definitely did. And it concerned me from an immunity standpoint, because the most critical one coming up today, that he's causing dissension among the ranks. And let the games begin. Let's take the gloves off and let's see what they're made of. Let's have some fun.
21. Rupert (5/6): I am very irritated with Shawn. I want him off my island and out of my adventure.
22. Sandra (4/4): Jon and Trish feel insecure about Rupert's power within the tribe, because Rupert is the man in charge here.
23. Trish (3/4): You know, if anybody could jump to Morgan and survive, it would be Rupert. With us, he could go all the way, and with them, he could go all the way.
24. Trish (4/4): The more we talked about it and the more we fleshed it out, the better l felt, the better Jon felt, and the better Sandra felt. Jon didn't want to tell Christa, because we don't need her vote. Shawn, we're going to tell him at the last minute that his neck has been saved. This is the biggest shock of all-- that we have all come to this conclusion on Rupert. Tonight, it's going to be a really big surprise. Rupert's going to be the one gone and not Shawn.
25. Rupert (6/6): I can't believe that Jon and Trish are trying to get me out before even the merge. We do not even know when the merge is going to be, and they're trying to get me out.
26. Shawn (3/3): I was pretty upset because I thought l was going home. And l talked to Rupert, and he found out that the plot wasn't to get me off tonight, but to get him off. And he came running back here to say, "It's you and me. Let's get rid of Trish. She's the bad apple." So we'Il see.
27. Jon (2/3): There's no way anyone can go against Rupert to the final two. It'd be a landslide. It'd be a… freakin' K.O., man.
28. Jon (3/3): Everyone's really ready to vote off Shawn, but Shawn's a good ally for me. Rupert? Uh, good guy, but l'm not signing over my million dollar check to him, so… that's the way the game's played.
1. Rupert (1/4): At Tribal Council, I dodged the biggest cannonball aimed right at me. I knew when I saw two "Ruperts" in the vote, that Trish and Jon were against me. I was ready to kill Jon, and literally grab that little scrawny ass by the neck and pop his head off him like a (expletive censor) chicken.
2. Jon (1/3): I've never seen a guy more mad in my entire life. I mean, he's right in my face. He's ready to punch me. But if there were to be a merge, Rupert's absolutely a threat. I mean, uh, he could switch on a dime. He says he'd never do it, but it pissed me off when he-- when he helped Morgan win that challenge. And, uh, I-I'm not the kind of guy that forgives or forgets.
3. Rupert (2/4): I'm not saying Jon is finished yet. But… (sighs) I'm not saying that I believe him at all anymore. I don't believe a damn word he says. Jonny Fairplay is Jonny Pain-In-The-Ass now to me.
4. Andrew (1/6): Day 19. A little worn out. I think there's a direct correlation between lack of protein in our bodies and energy. And then Rupert came over for a couple of days. We had some fish, dramatic increase in energy. I felt like a new person. Right now, we'd probably give anything to have Rupert over here. In fact, we definitely would give anything to have Rupert over here.
5. Andrew (2/6): It's not that we don't want the fish. It's that we're having great difficulty catching them.
6. Andrew (3/6): It's so difficult because we know if we had as much fish as the Drake tribe has, we'd be having parties every night, dancing and singing. I can't imagine having my own fish. It just… it's depressing to think about, actually. I'd rather not think about it.
7. Andrew (4/6): You know, it gets mentally overwhelming and draining to think about all the things we need to do just to survive out here… and it's exhausting. And you can see on my tribemates, it's taking their toll. O.T., this morning, he has good days and he has bad days. This morning he checked out. I could see it in his eyes. I could read it a mile away. He's... he's somewhere. He's not here. He didn't sleep at all last night from what I could see 'cause he kept me up. But he'll rally if we need him for something… hopefully.
8. Rupert (3/4): My tribe, they have it in their heads that we're going to a new island and having a big party and going to go with Morgans and be in a merge. If it happens, okay. But I'm not looking forward to it, because I have a strong tribe right now. I do not want to merge yet. And I cannot plan on a merge yet.
9. Sandra (1/3): On our way back from, uh, the Tree Mail, Jon mentioned, "Hey, you know what? We should open up a coconut." And, uh, Rupert, Christa, myself and Jon had said, "Okay, we want the coconut popcorn." Because once you fry the coconut, it tastes exactly like popcorn.
10. Sandra (2/3): They're always fighting. I'm glad it's not me. Let them duke it out. You know, let them kill each other, vote each other off. As long as it ain't Sandra, I'm happy.
11. Andrew (5/6): The game to end all games. It's frustrating and it's exhilarating, it's exciting and it's a pain in the ass.
12. Tijuana (1/2): For the most part, we're all frustrated about the new dynamic to this game. And it was very obvious that Andrew did not want this new tribe member to really have a say. I think that Andrew's very comfortable being the leader. He's got the best seat in the house, um, and I think he wants to keep that.
13. Osten (1/1): My temple has got nothing to offer for me. I'm-I'm a bag of atrophy right now. And anybody knows me knows, when I come to play at anything, it's 110%. And, if I can't give that, I'm out. I like to win straight up, and I can't do that. Number two, I don't really give a damn what someone else thinks about me. If you don't like what I do or what I say or what I've done, you can get in line to kiss my ass. For me to stay any longer just makes me look like a fool. And you can cut your losses. You know, you're not going to win everything.
14. Tijuana (2/2): I'm not going to say anything to Osten to make him stay. He had already initially thought about quitting quite a while ago. I had something to say then because I thought he had more in him. This time around, I don't-I don't have anything to say to Osten.
15. Andrew (6/6): I think that O.T. mentally and physically has shut down. He wants out, but I feel, given any state of facts, the last thing in the world I would do is quit. That's something that he'll have to live with for the rest of his life. And I don't think that he's going to fully appreciate it until it-it's obviously too late.
16. Sandra (3/3): When I first saw the Outcast tribe, I was, like, “No way!” And then to see Burton as their leader-- he's so strong-- and everyone, I know, was probably full of anger and energy.
17. Jon (2/3): You wonder why those guys were so happy about winning, it's because they're a bunch of losers that got a second chance in life. If you're a winner, you don't have to go through the second chance, uh, game. So, you know, they're used to that. Their entire lives, they've been losers. This is no different.
18. Rupert (4/4): I don't feel vulnerable tonight. I have my three. I'm not vulnerable tonight. The two other guys in the tribe are vulnerable. Jon wrote my name down last night, and fair is fair. I should write Jon's name down tonight, but I haven't decided yet.
19. Shawn (1/1): Jon thought he had it all in the bag. He thought he was playing us all and he had this whole game figured out. But I'm going to do everything in my power to make sure it's game over for him. You know, you can't mess with me long before I come back and get you.
20. Jon (3/3): I know it's between myself and Shawn. I'm sure Rupert's not happy that I wrote his name on a piece of paper last night. But, uh, will he forgive and forget? I don't know. We'll see.
1. Sandra (1/3): The person I was most worried about coming back in the game was Burton. I was like, "Well, if he comes back to the Drake tribe, will he be pissed off at everybody? Is he gonna let bygones be bygones? What's his attitude going to be like?"
2. Burton (1/8): Never in a million years would I have expected a chance to get back in the game, so I'm pretty excited right now. I don't know. I'm sure there's gonna be a lot of mixed emotions. I'm sure there's gonna be a lot of resentment on their part. From my standpoint, they all kicked me out. So, yeah, there's gonna be some, uh, some making up to do on both ends.
3. Rupert (1/7): Amazingly enough, Burton shows up in a good mood, happy to be here, full of enthusiasm and life and just pumped Drake back up-- bang!, immediately.
4. Sandra (2/3): And then the apologies started. "Burton we're so sorry we voted for you." That's what we wanted to hear, and you know what? We're glad he's here, because he's so strong. We're gonna go further.
5. Burton (2/8): Yeah, I'm part of the Drake tribe again, but I can't forget the fact that they did vote me off. So I don't know if they're just kissing my ass, or if they really are happy to see me because, in the end, it's a game about deceit.
6. Tijuana (1/4): I heard a female's voice getting off the boat and I didn't know who it was, and then, when I took a glimmer and looked, it was Lill-- I could tell by her hat and I said, "Lill!"
7. bbbb I arrived on the beach, jumped out. "Lill?! Lill, is that you? Oh, we are so glad it's you. We were afraid it was somebody else." I'm thinking, "Whatever."
8. Andrew (1/6): We welcomed Lill with open arms. I don't know if she bought any of that. I don't think she trusts me at all, because I was partially responsible for voting her out.
9. Lillian (2/8): They are welcoming me, but they voted me off. I approached Andrew before, the first nine days I was on. He said to me, he would get back to me about Tribal Council. But when it came down to the voting, he never did get back to me, which just causes hard feelings and-and resentment.
10. Burton (3/8): Rupert pulled me aside right away, so I thought, "Oh, this is either going to go good, or it's going to go bad." I didn't know what to expect.
11. Rupert (2/7): I wanted to look him in the eye and say, "This is why I agreed to vote you out."
12. Rupert (3/7): I didn't like the way that he treated me in the start of this game, and that hurt me and I wanted him to know that that hurt me. I portray a very strong and independent person, but, in my head, I'm that fat little terrified kid that was picked on in school all his life. And I saw Burton being those son of a bitches that would make fun of me.
13. Burton (4/8): I have a lot of respect for Rupert. I hurt his feelings and I felt bad. I felt really bad.
14. Rupert (4/7): Within two minutes of talking, all fears were subsided, all hesitation was gone. Everything was good.
15. Burton (5/8): All of a sudden, Rupert said, "If there's a Drake to go, it's going to be Jon first," and, I about fainted. I could not believe it.
16. Burton (6/8): For me, it was a second chance at life in this game.
17. Lillian (3/8): Well, I've been away for nine days, and I come back and the Morgan tribe… needs some help, some serious help. I went and got water. I've been collecting firewood. I don't know what else to do. I don't know what else to help them with. These people, they have no energy. They have nothing. I mean, they are just… they're becoming like dead weight.
18. Lillian (4/8): I have immunity for the first Tribal Council, and I feel like I've got somewhat of a second chance, and they resent it.
19. Andrew (2/6): I woke up this morning really angry. I almost had to pinch myself. "Is this real? Am I hallucinating? This is Day 20, why the hell is Lill here?" That's okay. We welcome the curveballs. Bring them on. Let's see where we're going to go next.
20. Lillian (5/8): I'm trying to fit in again. I'm trying to find my niche again. I've learned that this is a game. And I want to stay in as long as I can.
21. Burton (7/8): They found a lemon tree since I've been gone, which is great news to me. It-it's almost like I'm starting over from scratch. There's all these new things. So, uh, we're going to go find this lemon tree, get some more lemons.
22. Burton (8/8): The conversation we had was kind of a confirmation of "I want you guys   	
 	to know I'm honest. I'm not going to play any games. I'm not going to be deceitful."
23. Christa (1/1): I was trying to figure out, if there ever was a merge with the Morgan tribe, what could happen. I thought, "Jon gets on a lot of people's nerves real quickly."
24. Andrew (3/6): Food, as of this morning, definitely shifted from critical to dire. It's terrifying. And frankly, I don't know what we'll do.
25. Tijuana (2/4): We're suffering. Rice was the one staple that was consistent for us, kept our energy up, and we don't have it now, and I don't know how that will play a factor in our performance when we have challenges. We'll have to see.
26. Rupert (5/7): As soon as you think you got the game figured out, they say, "Throw your buffs down, and you're all in one tribe." We're now going to be the Balboas, which I love, you know? That's my snake's name. And it's so nice to have new people in our home.
27. Tijuana (3/4): It is a merge between the Morgan tribe and the Drake tribe. We're coming together as one. And it'll be interesting to see, will everyone be unified or will it still be two separate tribes living together as one?
28. Sandra (3/3): We rolled in, and there was a feast just waiting for us on a table. Ribs, bread, cheese, oranges, nuts, everything, the works… and we just tore down.
29. Rupert (6/7): The feast was great. I got some ribs, a big old hunk of lamb.
30. Andrew (4/6): That food was heaven. It made me feel human again. And, from a morale standpoint, I realize I may actually make it out of this place.
31. Lillian (6/8): For a few solid moments, we were all together as one. But I knew that here is where the true game starts.
32. Andrew (5/6): We can't stand Little Jon. He's arrogant. He's out for himself. We don't trust him, and we would love to see him go.
33. Jon (1/1): There was a little worry on my part, and then Lill was sitting there like a golden goddess. She was kicked out of that tribe. She was pissed off.
34. Rupert (7/7): We were trying to figure out how we could turn one Morgan against the others, and we find that little Lill already kind of resented them for voting her out.
35. Lillian (7/8): Burton took me aside. He says, "It's like this. We're going to try to go all the way, you and I. The Drake tribe wants you, and you only." I have to think that maybe he's on the up-and-up.
36. Andrew (6/6): We've seen Lill and Burton talking a lot, so they could have something going on. And, if Lill goes to the bad guys, we're in serious trouble.
37. Lillian (8/8): I am in a whirlwind right now. I just-- you don't know which way to turn. They're all offering friendship. Whether or not I can trust all this, I can't really say.
38. Tijuana (4/4): I know Andrew feels as if he's close to being on the cutting block because I think the Drake tribe, they want to vote out the strongest on the Morgan side. And, definitely, the swing vote tonight could be Lill. She could potentially go with Morgan or Drake.
1. Lillian (1/5): I'm feeling great. I'm feeling really, really good. It's like the difference between night and day. I turned on my, uh, Morgan tribe. I… I had no reason to stay with them. I would have been voted off with another: "She's got great work ethic. She's really nice lady, but see you around." And usually I have regrets stabbing someone in the back, but this time, I feel like I stood up for myself. You know, I was no longer… the Cincinnati workhorse. You know, I was Lill. It was just nice.
2. Ryan O (1/3): Tribal Council for me sucked last night, because Lill decided she was going to switch to the other tribe because she's pissed off at Andrew. Me and Andrew had a-- had a tight bond straight from the beginning and it was-- it was cool. I was bummed to see him go. So, I'm basically next on the chopping block, and, uh, it sucks.
3. Ryan O (2/3): I had talked to Burton this morning to feel out how he was feeling about the Drake tribe. I go, "Hey, man, they voted you out before. What makes you think, you know, after I'm gone, you're not the next to go, because you're the next strongest person?"
4. Burton (1/6): Ryan's trying to convince me that Rupert, Sandra, Christa, and Jon are a very tight group of four, and they will vote me out. I know they still have some hesitations about me, because they know I want to win this game. What he's saying is, he could get himself, Darrah and Tijuana. If I could get Lill, we'd have five, and we could run them out and then go from there. At this point in the game, there's a lot of things going on, and there's a lot of possibilities of where the game could go.
5. Burton (2/6): So, I went out to get a stingray, and actually took the stingray off the spear while it was still alive, and was holding it…
6. Burton (3/6): I kept trying to hold it down, and it kept shocking me, so, it-it's some type of electric stingray, but it (laughs) let out a pretty good charge a number of times.
7. Tijuana (1/3): Food, food, food. Everything is nice over here. Um, they have food all the time. It's just-- it's so not where I come from. They've got it going well. They've got great food. Rupert does a lot of fishing and hunting. Burton-- he caught the stingray. So, it's very exciting for me. Very exciting.
8. Rupert (1/2): I hope that all of the former Morgans, now Balboas, feel comfortable enough to eat as much as they want. I like that feeling of being able to fill you up and make you feel comfortable. I mean, I'm looking at these guys. Their body-- they're just emaciated from lack of food. It's sad.
9. Burton (4/6): Voted out of the game by your tribe and then voted back into the same tribe has been interesting. I am doing my best to act like, "Hey, I'm Drake. I'm Drake. I'm Drake." That's a bunch of… lies. (laughs) I want to win this game for the Outcast tribe and those of us who got kicked out, so I sort of think about it as, as far as my actions, I have no loyalty whatsoever to Drake. Nor do I have any loyalty to Christa, Sandra or Rupert, because I know they’d all stab me in the back the second they got a chance.
10. Jon (1/2): It's not hard for me to align with anybody that I know is going to help me. Burton knows how devious I am, therefore he feels, uh, I'd be the perfect person to go-go along with his plan with him. He was exactly right. He's definitely my strongest ally remaining in the game, and that's the guy that I helped see get out of the game, so that's pretty funny. Irony, uh… irony definitely plays a strong hand in this game.
11. Lillian (2/5): Oh, heck, I'm looking forward to this breakfast, yes. I'm anxious, uh… I'm anxious to talk more than eat. Oh, I'm gonna eat, but, you know, I'm anxious to talk, 'cause I need to know what's going on.
12. Lillian (3/5): We came to this place that was just rock and sand. There was no green… nothing. And on top of the sand was this gazebo, and it was beautiful.
13. Burton (5/6): This buffet was just out of control. I mean, things that we haven't even seen for, you know, three weeks now.
14. Lillian (4/5): They had eggs, pancakes, bacon, and sausage.
15. Lillian (5/5): Well, I'm not much on the drinking part. Now, the young man that I was with, Burton, his eyes get real big! So, I said, "Okay, I'll drink the apple juice, and you can drink the champagne." As the Outcasts, Burton and I, we were going to form a bond. We have a strong alliance there. I have to believe this young man. And I'm going to put everything that I have into what he wants me to do.
16. Burton (6/6): My relationship with Lill is that we have experienced the same thing. We both got kicked out, we're both back in the game. So she's kind of my trump card right now.
17. Christa (1/3): Sandra and I were scheming about how we might be able to get rid of Rupert from, uh, this game… also Burton. They're both very strong competitors.
18. Sandra (1/1): Me and Christa definitely do feel vulnerable, because Burton and Rupert are the only ones that bring anything from in the ocean to us to eat-- fish, stingray, whatever.
19. Tijuana (2/3): When I see Sandra and Christa together, you hear them all the time talk about, "We need to figure out how we're going to survive without fish." Um, "If we-- (air quotes) if one of the guys get hurt," um, "then we need to figure out how we're going to survive here.” I thought the former Drake tribe members were like this (crosses fingers). Um, but, obviously, that may not be the case.
20. Christa (2/3): I think the Morgan tribe is, just in general, very lazy. Uh… unmotivated people. I mean, you can just tell by their attitudes towards things and the way they try to sit down all the time and talk. We got firewood to gather, we got water to get. Things have to be done. Talking is not acceptable 24/7 around here.
21. Tijuana (3/3): Here at the Balboa tribe, I do think that they work a great deal more than what is necessary. Um… it seems as if when one person's working, like, everybody has to be working doing something, even if it's frivolous or not. And that's just, I don't know, it just provides even more tension 'cause, I don't feel like I have as much of the personal freedom to be who I am like I did in the Morgan tribe.
22. Ryan O (3/3): I know there's still a game on, but it's, you know, it's hard not to get depressed about things. I mean, I'm not a pessimist, but, you know, you get so much crap thrown your way, it just like, it just keeps coming at you and keeps hammering you and you're just like, "Oh, man. Again? Again? Again?" It's going to take a minor miracle to get back in this, but, you know, I'll try as hard as I can to get where I need to be. I'm not-- I'm not gonna quit. I'm-I'm gonna go down swinging (laughs) until I hear that bell.
23. Rupert (2/2): It would be nice to go to Tribal Council, get rid of Ryan, who is one of the-- one of the leaders of the week. Ryan has the potential to band T and Darrah and maybe suck Jon and Burton in and give them five people that they could just-- they could steamroll over all of us… over Sandra, Christa, I, and Lill. Now will they do that? I hope to God, no.
24. Christa (3/3): I'm not really sure what to do right now. It's a very confusing situation. It's a… I've never promised anybody anything out here, so I don't feel like I've lied to anybody quite yet.
25. Jon (2/2): Burton and I see how tight Rupert, Sandra, and Christa are. And, as a result, we know there's no chance with-- for either one of us to go any further between the three, so something has to be done. I'm-I'm willing to go stab anybody in the back at any given time as long as it benefits me. I came into the game with that philosophy, and no friendships-- no friendships have changed that thus far, and they're not going to-- Day 22, Day 23, 24, 38, doesn't matter. So… don't trust them and if they trust me, cool, but they shouldn't.
1. Rupert (1/11): Nighttime is my one bad time. If I could go just 39 days and never have to sleep, I would make this beautifully. But nighttime is killing me. At night out here, I start thinking about family. That's when I miss my family. I tell Laura, my wife, all my woes and sorrows, all my triumphs. I tell Laura everything. And I want for everyone to see I am the best damn Survivor that has ever been. I am it. I know they will. Shouldn't think that way, I know. I know. I know. I know. I hear you. I hear you. Take it down to the one or two people that I truly, really care about. I care about Sandra and Christa. They care about me. It's very hard keeping mentally aware of everything that's going on around here. I try to guide everything that goes on on my island. I try to direct everyone's actions while keeping myself grounded and aware of what is going on and what I am doing, not settling ever for anything but first. And letting everybody here realize that they are finishing in places of honor. To build them up to be a winner and still lose… that's a hard mental battle.
2. Jon (1/4): Honestly, Rupert and Christa are making me sick with their, "Baby, baby, beebee, beebee," blah, blah, blah. I've been saying this in my head and I-- I've never-- I haven't vocally expressed this thought, but I feel, uh, Rupert, Christa and Sandra have gotten to the point of-of the old saying, "Absolute power corrupts absolutely." They are so power-ridden, they know it, that they feel that they're above the law. Burton and I decided to go on a… well, we decided to talk a little strategy, knowing that the bond between Christa, Rupert and Sandra’s pretty much puts us at fourth and fifth. Like, to hand-feed me number four and say, "Jon, be happy. It's number four." No. That's not going to make me happy.
3. Jon (2/4): Once again, Jonny Fairplay finds himself in a great position. He can either go with Plan A: Christa, Rupert, Sandra, and Burton or Plan B: Burton, D, T, and Lill. And, uh, I'm throwing all my eggs in choice "B." You know, if the bases are loaded and, you know, you got three people saying, "Hey, bunt,"... screw you, man. This is my chance to knock a grand slam.
4. Burton (1/4): The problem is it's more risky to flip the alliance now and to go against Rupert, Chris and Sandra. If I go this other way, I have a much better chance, but if I get caught and the cover is blown, it's not going to be a good thing. I talked to Lill about this and I've talked to Jon about it. So, we didn't know when to tell Tijuana and Darrah what the plan is to flip on our original alliance.
5. Rupert (2/11): I have to go out and get fish. I would love it if I was a mean-ass son of a bitch and just went out and got fish for myself. But, so, what are you going to do? You go out and get fish.
6. Jon (3/4): Burton and I found ourselves with an opportunity-- everyone else there with Rupert fishing and Sandra and Christa going to get lemons. I looked at Burton, Burton looked at me. He was like, "You think now's the time?" I was like, "Absolutely."
7. Rupert (3/11): A shark appears, and I'm like, "Ah, I want him. I want him, bad!" But, the only way I'm taking that shot is if I can get directly over him, hit him straight down in the head and hold that spear into him. Because, if not, he's going to be gone with my spear.
8. Burton (2/4): We tell them, Rupert's going home. Their eyes are about as big as the sun. They can't believe it. They're like, "Oh, my God! Thank you guys so much! Thank you so much!" So, the game's about to take a serious, serious change.
9. Darrah (1/1): I was down in the dumps, thinking that I was going to go home, but all of a sudden, that changed. And now, I'm just-- I'm ready to stay.
10. Rupert (4/11): I almost had a four-foot gray reef shark. My God, I sure did want that shark. I love being the baddest hunter out there. I never give up, I never surrender, I never admit defeat.
11. Burton (3/4): We got Tree Mail, and the clue says, you're going to be following in the shadows of ancient pirates. I think I've got a pretty good shot at it if it's something that has to do with speed. If I do win, just to keep the impression that our alliance was going strong, I'll be giving my reward to Rupert, because he gave me his last time.
12. Rupert (5/11): The deal between Burton and I, after I had given him my bacon, my breakfast, my wonderful breakfast… he said he owed me, and he would pay me back with the next challenge he wins. Burton promised me. It's fine. It keeps unity between he and I. It's a deal. It keeps unity in our group.
13. Burton (4/4): I didn't want to give this reward to Rupert, because I don't want Rupert to have any more food than he can, because, tomorrow, in the Immunity Challenge, I want him to be tired, weak, injured and hobbling around, because I want to smoke him.
14. Rupert (6/11): When Burton gave that away to Jon, and Lill kept it in her hand without even thinking about it, that showed me that… I might not be as secure as I am-- as I think I am.
15. Lillian (1/3): I should have sent Rupert on this, and I didn't. (hides face) Rupert should go. Rupert would catch fish. I can't catch fish.
16. Lillian (2/3): I don't want to make anybody mad. I don't want to get anybody upset, but I'm just not that good at the game. I don't go on vacations all the time. I can't afford to do these kind of things. If I had a chance to sail on a beautiful boat, that's what was in my mind. I've never done anything like that before.
17. Rupert (7/11): Got to find out what's going on. My only hope is when Lill comes back, she looks me in the eye and tells me what Jon is talking about.
18. Rupert (8/11): When Jon and Lill came back from their catamaran, I just sucked Lill in quickly and told her, "You stick with me and you could be top two." You know, "It could be you and me." I tried to figure out what Jon was talking to her about and if Jon was going to try and suck her in and get her in some kind of alliance. And she said "No." I know now that Lill will be wholehearted with me. I wanted to hug and kiss her.
19. Rupert (9/11): The Immunity Challenge pissed the hell out of me. I know I was clearly the best dart-blower there. And they knocked me out so damn quick. My own team, Burton and Sandra, knocked me out. Sandra truly was a mistake. I don't blame her at all. Burton, he knew what the hell he was doing.
20. Jon (4/4): I'm pretty happy right now in that, uh, Rupert's going home tonight. Although, I promised him that I wouldn't write his name down again, uh, promises, to me, uh, can be broken about as easily as a fat woman on wicker furniture. It's that simple.
21. Lillian (3/3): Burton and Jon keep pounding into my head, “This is a game!” But I'd love to keep Rupert, ‘cause I love that man.
22. Rupert (10/11): Darrah is still acting like she's ready to go and packing and saying her good-byes. But that could all be an act. Luckily, I have Lill on my side, I have Sandra on my side and I have Christa on my side. Lill has been the key figure in a lot of votes lately.
23. Rupert (11/11): If they've turned and they've gotten Darrah, T, Jon and Burton together on one side, I've got my four on my side and we will have a tie.
24. Sandra (1/1): The vibe at the camp is that everybody's agreed upon Darrah going home. Maybe Burton figured out that there was a way between him and Jon to get together and outmaneuver us three. But I don't see it happening. I just can't see it happening, because all along they've said, "It's going to be the strong five and we'll separate from there."
1. Christa (1/4): I'm shocked that Rupert got voted off tonight. I can't believe it. Maybe I've been too cocky all along, thinking I know what's going on.
2. Jon (1/5): I thought tonight's Tribal Council was probably one of my proudest moments in this game thus far. The one factor that you can always count on is greed. The greed of the two Morgan girls was enough to know that I could trust them to, uh, take out Rupert.
3. Burton (1/3): We got back from Tribal Council, and there was a bucketful of fish that Rupert he caught in the afternoon. We go to grab the fish, and the fish bucket's empty. They had taken the bucket of fish, thrown it out, and go, "I don't know what happened."
4. Jon (2/5): That was the most idiotic, childish thing I've-I've seen since this game has begun, and Christa will be penalized.
5. Christa (2/4): Now that everybody thinks that I've tried to devastate the tribe tonight, I think I stand to be voted off next.
6. Burton (2/3): Throughout the night, I was sleeping the closest to the woods, and I could-- it just reeked of fish all night long. I got up this morning. I knew the fish were somewhere behind the camp.
7. Lillian (1/2): Christa swears she didn't do it. I think she did it. She was mad that her good friend Rupert was gone.
8. Christa (3/4): I did have about thirty seconds where I put down my canteen in the corner of my bed, and people think, during that time, I threw out the fish. I feel horrible for being blamed and not having any way to prove that I didn't do it.
9. Sandra (1/5): When we got back to camp, I kept thinking, "You know what? They're not coming and enjoy Rupert's fish. Screw that." So, I got up to camp first, and I grabbed the bucketful of fish, and it was so damn heavy, and I tripped on a vine, and I spilled all the fish. And I started arguing with Jon to the point where it saved me, because they never pointed the finger at me as to being the one dumping the fish. Now I'm in a bind. If I was to tell her, she'd run off to them, and there's no doubt in my mind that I got three days left.
10. Christa (4/4): (tearfully) I feel very alone. I just want to go home and see my man, get back to real life. It sucks being here right now.
11. Tijuana (1/5): Jon and his friend are now at our home. They have, um, free rein of our shelter and whatever food was there. And we are now put on another beach with no food and no shelter. We're definitely struggling. Um, we're starving. Uh, we found one coconut. Whoo-hoo! It's just not a good situation.
12. Burton (3/3): Jon's grandmother just passed away. And we all kind of agreed that, "Hey, let's let Jon take this." Our mothers, our husbands, wives, uh, boyfriends, whatever will be there when we get home.
13. Lillian (2/2): I wish I could see him and just talk to him a few more minutes. But then, Jon got his news about his grandmother. I've gotten to know Jon. He hurts just as much as anyone. My husband has to understand that this is what we had to do for him to have some time to talk over his grandmother's death with his friend.
14. Jon (3/5): My grandmother's sitting home watching Jerry Springer right now. (laughs) This is a game for a million dollars. I have one chance in my life at this. You should take every single advantage possible. If you don't, you're a fool.
15. Jon (4/5): The fake dead grandmother could-could easily go down as-as the dirtiest thing ever to be done in this game.
16. Sandra (2/5): Me and Christa have been looking for ways to just put stuff in Tijuana's head, because right now we feel like Tijuana has the power to make a move either against us or with us. My only hope is for them to realize that they cannot trust Jon and Burton.
17. Sandra (3/5): And Tijuana just looked at us and just listened to the whole thing. And she didn't comment on anything. Burton and Jon decided to go off on a walk. And a lot of the times, I sneak up, just to hear what's going on. That's how I always have a working knowledge of what's going on, what's going to happen next. And this time, when I saw them getting ready to go, I went over to Tijuana and I said, "You gotta come with me now."
18. Tijuana (2/5): She's like, "I want you to hear what I think is going on and, um, you can be the judge versus listening to me."
19. Tijuana (3/5): I thought I heard something along the lines of "Lill, Burton and Jon-- an alliance of three."
20. Sandra (4/5): The timing was perfect. It was better for her to hear with her own ears coming out of their mouths than for me to put things in her head and for her to have doubts. There's no doubts now.
21. Tijuana (4/5): It just kind of let me refocus on how to play this game. It's given me a-- I think, a heads up on things and how I would like to play the game. So, thereafter, I told Darrah everything that I heard and I let her know that we need to regroup. We need to have a different plan, because our alliance is going to be kicking us out, most likely, fourth and fifth.
22. Tijuana (5/5): We've got Tribal Council tonight, and, uh, ironically, the strongest player has now lost the chance for immunity. So, we're really sway votes. We'll either support having the strongest player leave or we will support the two most antagonist players in the game leave.
23. Jon (5/5): It's a huge deal that-that Burton's under the microscope right now. Burton's someone that I want here for a while, 'cause he's one of, uh, my best allies. So, I thought it was crazy to get rid of him. So, I got to just roll the dice.
24. Sandra (5/5): Jon comes out and says, "We want to fix things between you guys again. I want you to help me save Burton today in exchange for Tijuana." And we're like, "Well, we're listening, but you have done us wrong so many times before."
1. Christa (1/6): Tribal Council was very interesting, based upon a last-minute decision to get rid of T. Jon made an agreement that he would take Sandra and l to the top four, along with Burton. I don't know whether or not to believe him, because I can't believe him ever.
2. Jon (1/9): Christa made me swear on my grandmother's grave that l would carry Christa and Sandra to the final four. And l-I believe l used the phrase before: “Promises are like wicker furniture and fat women-- easily broken by Jonny Fairplay.” (laughs)
3. Christa (2/6): I really hope he's telling us the truth. Probably not. I don't know. I think that Sandra and I have a better chance of getting ahead with four women than Burton, Jon, myself and Sandra.
4. Sandra (1/5): Me and Christa, we've been tight since, like, day number two or three. But without Darrah right now, I can't move another step. I can't take another step without knowing where Darrah stands right now. She voted for Burton last night. She shouldn't have a problem voting for him either tomorrow or the next day.
5. Darrah (1/2): Sandra's already talked to me this morning. I mean, l'm sure there'Il be a bunch of different ones coming up to me, trying to sway votes and stuff. So, l'm just going to play it, you know, let them come up to me and see what's going on. And then, l'Il decide what l need to do after that.
6. LIllian (1/13): After Jon, D and l won the award, we got on a boat, took a-a tour of the island, and got put on a plane.
7. LIllian (2/13): It was amazing to see our home from above.
8. LIllian (3/13): It was a breathtaking view. It was something that l'm not going to forget for a long time.
9. Jon (2/9): We've only seen the Pearl Islands via our boat. Words can't describe how big this place is. I mean, there's just ocean, ocean, ocean, ocean, and the biggest islands you've ever seen and the smallest islands you've ever seen. There was just so many of them everywhere.
10. Jon (3/9): We had no idea how cool the hotel would be. And when we got here, it’s-it's, uh… this is absolute paradise. The room is huge. There was a big living room, a huge bedroom, a big bathroom, mirrors.
11. LIllian (4/13): That first look at myself in a mirror was so shocking. I hadn't seen myself for… 30-some days.
12. Jon (4/9): This was, bar none, the greatest reward we could be given at this stage in the game. It gave me a chance, personally, to talk with D and Lill without, uh, worrying about, uh, Sandra and Christa, uh, overhearing, and gave me a chance to, uh, heal up some of my, uh, war wounds from the first, uh, 30-plus days.
13. LIllian (5/13): The masseuse put cucumbers over my eyes. I guess they do something for the skin. I think l needed a whole cucumber to do anything for my skin.
14. Jon (5/9): The Pearl Islands are quote/unquote paradise. However, it sucks with the bugs. It sucks with some of the people. It sucks with the food. Here, this is paradise and that's an awesome feeling.
15. Burton (1/6): I'm in-- l'm in a bit of an odd position right now, in that l am alone in the camp with Sandra and Christa. And l haven't talked to Jon fully about this, so l don't know what to tell them. I mean, l've lied to ‘em enough. I guess l could continue to lie. But at the same time, I don't want to piss them off, because they're going to be on the jury and l want to be the one they vote for.
16. Sandra (2/5): Burton has never been one to talk to me and Christa clearly about anything. But let it be known that if it wasn't for me and Christa, Burton would not be here today. You would think that that would count for something. And then here he is saying that he-he can't promise us third and fourth. That's a bunch of baloney. The first chance l get to send him home, he's going home.
17. Christa (3/6): The conversation that Sandra and l had with Burton was a real eye-opener for me. It was, uh, l saw the light, suddenly. At this point, it's every man for themselves, l see it. We're not here to make best friends. We're not here to do anything like that. We're here to play a game and get as far as we can.
18. LIllian (6/13): On our bed was silky pajamas. We put them on, pranced around, showed them off. When we got to dinner, I was starving. And l-l-- it was so nice to be able to open a menu up and to be able to read. I did remember how to read after all this time.
19. LIllian (7/13): Jon ordered all the food for all of us. I enjoyed that. You know, l-l like when a guy takes the initiative.
20. Jon (6/9): I'm a great date. I have a pretty extensive fine food knowledge and l was able to show that off. There's a few more sides to Jonny Fairplay than these girls had any clue about. And as Lill said, l'm much more than just a pretty face.
21. LIllian (8/13): When we were eating, we talked a lot about what's been going on behind the scenes. I know that Jon had to promise Christa and Sandra a lot in order for them to back us up to get rid of T.
22. Jon (7/9): I had so much fun in explaining to, uh, D and Lill that, uh, Christa made me swear on my grandmother's grave. And l told Lill that it upset me so much to have to do that. And l was like, "One of her last wishes was that, that l win." (laughs) Lill is very antsy and there was lots of strategy that we needed to go over, uh, for the last stage of the game.
23. LIllian (9/13): Jon talks down to me like l'm some idiot. He wants to show that he's in charge and I, you know, l've seen that before. And l'm thinking that may be his way of separating himself from me.
24. Burton (2/6): This morning, Christa and I went out looking for mussels to eat. And she brought up a strategy again, what l was thinking. But she is willing to make concessions, and she's looking, um, to get farther in the game. So, it's a good thing to know.
25. Burton (3/6): Nothing Christa said this morning really surprised me. I had a feeling she would stab Sandra in the back if she needed to. She does really want Darrah to go first. All the options are still open, but it might not be bad to have Christa in the top four because if Jon did do something funny, um, l'm pretty sure l could beat Christa at Tribal Council. I think she's rubbed a lot of people the wrong way.
26. Christa (4/6): I think that Burton understands that this is a game and we're all trying to get ahead. Me stabbing Sandra in the back and getting rid of her… isn't anything personal. It's nothing about that. It's about getting farther ahead and doing the right thing to win this game.
27. Jon (8/9): This morning, uh, we awoke to a big, fresh pot of coffee and, uh, bacon, eggs, the most amazing banana nut bread on the planet, fresh O.J., fresh fruit. Great way to start the day and yet another advantage that we have over the others going into the final. I see Survivor as a big game of human chess. I felt that l could feed off Darrah's greed and basically offer, say, "Hey, look, you know, there's no way anyone can beat Lill in a jury." And she agreed. I was like, you know, "So, without, uh, without anyone knowing, how about me and you Final Two?" And she did the math in her head, and she was, like, "I think you're exactly right."
28. Darrah (2/2): It's going to be me and-and Jon in the final two. I mean, Jon, you know, he's a snake. He lies, but… he also tells the truth, too. And, l don't-- I know he's not sitting here lying to me about going to the final two.
29. Sandra (3/5): When Jon, Lill and Darrah returned from the reward, I was happy to see them, because l was glad the reward was over for them. I'm still jealous. But l wanted to hear everything. I want to hear everything from the beginning to the end.
30. LIllian (10/13): I wanted to kind of play it down a little bit, but he told them every detail there was. And l thought, "Well, okay. It's not me telling it and bragging on it."
31. Burton (4/6): After talking to Jon, it sounds like he did a great job, basically promising Lill and Darrah, um, enough so that they should never break this alliance.
32. Burton (5/6): My strategy at this point in the game is to work with Jon. Jon's the bad cop, I'm the good cop. As we kick these people out of the game, if it all works as planned, they will be mad at Jon and not me.
33. LIllian (11/13): Last night, l couldn't sleep. And l got up and went to the fire. I asked him, "So, are you still comfortable with this… you and l at the end?" And he said, "Let's just do one at a time."
34. Burton (6/6): What l have told Lill is that l will never lie to her in this game. I told her l'd take her as far as l could. And l do have an allegiance with her, and l do have an alliance with her, but l have never promised her top two.
35. LIllian (12/13): It ticks me a little bit. Matter of fact, it pisses me off a little bit, but… what can l do about it? Um, the only thing that would save me is to win immunity at the end. Then that may even justify me to turn my back on him.
36. Christa (5/6): I almost won immunity. I almost, almost always win immunity, but that's never good enough. I feel absolutely vulnerable. You know, right when you think something, uh, things go completely… opposite.
37. Sandra (4/5): We want Burton gone, because he's the strongest one out here. Although he hasn't won these immunities, but that doesn't mean anything. Physically, he's stronger than we are, and to put it all on an equal playing field, we want all the females together till the end.
38. Jon (9/9): There's a word in the English language, uh, called "naive" and, uh, some people are that, and, obviously, those people are playing this game. (chuckles)
39. LIllian (13/13): I'm being told that it's still Christa that will be leaving tonight, but that doesn't mean that l can't, you know, organize my stuff, pack my shells. Never take anything for granted.
40. Sandra (5/5): Jon is a snake. Jon will never be anything other than a snake, but the fact is that Christa keeps telling me, "Sandra, l honestly believe him. He swore on his grandmother. Therefore, he can't be lying."
41. Christa (6/6): Trust is nothing at this point in the game. It's cutthroat. Everybody wants to get to the end. Everybody wants to go one more place. Lying is the way to go out here. Everybody has done it, and everybody has done it well.
1. Burton (1/14): Last Tribal Council, another blindside. Chalk another one up for Jon and me. Uh… Christa didn't see it coming. Um… just out of nowhere, she was voted out. Beautiful thing is that's three in a row.
2. Jon (1/6): Sandra's clueless in the fact that she's positive she's going next, and it's not true. She's a much weaker competitor than D. Sandra probably feels about as vulnerable as possible, and, uh, I want her to keep feeling that way.
3. Sandra (1/6): Today is Day 34 and, um… I'm not feeling too good, because of the fact that now Christa's gone, and I know I'm vulnerable. I know my days are numbered. Jon, Burton, Lill and Darrah, they all deceived, so now I'm working on my revenge. My plan right now is to start on the two water cans. I'm going to hide those, I'm going to hide the nets, 'cause they haven't used them in a long time. I'm going to hide the pickaxe, all the knives, all the machetes. I mean, little by little, they just won't even see it coming. I'm going to hide the spear and all four masks. Therefore, they don't have a way to fish unless they're going to go out there with their bare hands. I know I'm going down, but they're going to feel it more than I am. Yes, they are.
4. Lillian (1/3): Jon and Burton said, "We're going to get rid of Darrah next because she's such a threat." And I thought, (groans) "This is not right! I don't like this." You know, what happened to our alliance of four people?! First, Burton promised me number two spot and now he's hmm-hawing and saying that may not happen. Not only that, they started talking about getting rid of Darrah before Sandra. We made a pact! So, I started thinking, "If they can screw her over, they can screw me over."
5. Burton (2/14): Going into the reward, I had talked to Jon that if I went, I'm going to take him and vice versa. 'Cause, honestly, we've been going on these rewards with people that we don't like that much. So, I was looking forward to going on a reward with someone it'd be fun with.
6. Jon (2/6): It was cool that Burton picked me to share along the experience. And it was the first time in the game in which Burton and I felt as though we could both step away from camp strategically and not overly worry.
7. Burton (3/14): We finally get to Panama City and we're walking up the boat ramp and I see in a parking lot all by itself, brand spanking new, a GMC Envoy SUV.
8. Burton (4/14): Jeff pulled out the keys, and sure enough, the brand new Envoy is, uh, my new vehicle.
9. Burton (5/14): It's an awesome prize and I love camping, snowboarding and skiing, so the four-wheel drive and everything is-- it's awesome.
10. Jon (3/6): 30-plus days ago, I would have been pissed off if anyone had won it but me. But, uh, at this point in the game, uh, seeing what Burton's done for the tribe and for me personally and what he has done challenge-wise, he deserved the car more than anyone else. And it's kind of a cool feeling, uh, knowing I can say that and actually mean it.
11. Burton (6/14): We drove through downtown Panama City and as we're getting closer, you could see a large tower that's still standing. And then, when you actually get in there, there's quite a bit of the city left from a structural standpoint-- all the old stone walls and structures. So we pulled into the ruins and our feast was set up under this tent and our jaws just hit the ground. There's just food everywhere and we started eating everything, basically, at the same time. There was no first course, second course and dessert, it was just… anything goes.
12. Burton (7/14): Jon and I were kind of laughing because the girls, all they had were mussels that Jon, Lill and I collected. And they're not going to catch any fish. I mean, honestly, those three girls have all been riding coattails the entire time they've been out here.
13. Darrah (1/1): When we got back from the reward today, Lill said that she was kind of scared, um, about trusting the guys.
14. Sandra (2/6): I have always said that they were both snakes and I have always said that they're good liars. So, everything that Lill was saying is stuff that I had already mentioned from before.
15. Lillian (2/3): I couldn't lie anymore. I had to tell Darrah. And it pissed me off that these two boys were so easy to break their alliance.
16. Sandra (3/6): Lill doesn't seem to understand. She keeps thinking that, regardless, she's done at three. And I tell her, "I'm not stronger than you, Lill. Have I ever showed you that I was stronger than you in all these competitions? You're not bad for 50 years old."
17. Sandra (4/6): I am totally psyched. I am very happy knowing that there's still a chance. The only problem now is that I had so many plans of sabotage that now I have to hold off, because I think it's in my best interest not to start commotion.
18. Jon (4/6): Burton and I basically just went over the fact that the three girls were probably discussing a girls-versus-guys plan while we're gone. Uh, it only takes one person to swing the vote. So, figure we had a one out of three chance of pulling one of them back. And we feel that we definitely have an intellectual advantage over the others.
19. Burton (8/14): Jon and I were just kind of shooting the breeze, talking about not talking about the car when we got back to camp, because it is something that someone might hold against me. We were talking about who we trusted, who we didn't. We had told Lill that we were going to vote Darrah out next and she wasn't comfortable with it. So I don't know if I can trust anything she says to me here on out.
20. Burton (9/14): To be honest, Jon and I have been running the show for the last 20 days nearly. And those three girls, I don't think they could come up with a decent strategy if they had to.
21. Lillian (3/3): I can't sleep because, you know, my arms and my legs are on fire. I'm just… I just feel numb this morning. I'm just… I don't know if it's menopause. I don't know what it is, but it's hurting me.
22. Sandra (5/6): When Burton and Jon come back, I'm going to do what I usually do whenever they betray me-- (chuckles) be the outcast until Jon comes to me and says, "Don't worry, Sandra. I swear, you won't be the next to go as long as you vote this person out." "Okay, Jon. If that'll save my skin again, then I shall do that." I can't worry about what Lill's going to do. If every minute I'm looking over my shoulder like, "What in the hell is Lill doing?," they're going to know something's up. That's usually Burton's job, to keep control of everybody and figure out where everyone's at-- who's with who, who's not with who, who's peeing, who's cooking. No. I'm going to lay there and, hopefully, try to take a nap and just relax.
23. Burton (10/14): When Jon and I got off the boat, Lill and Darrah met us. They're like, "Hey, how's it going?" We told them what we were, you know, how our thing was. And we're like, "So, how did everything go here?" And they immediately started bashing Sandra.
24. Burton (11/14): The girls seem to be putting up quite an act. Lill and Darrah came up, "Sandra's not talking to us. Sandra hasn't done anything." Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Sandra's in bed pouting and puffing.
25. Burton (12/14): Still not exactly buying what the girls are selling. I don't know if I can trust them, but I know, if given enough time, we're going to catch them in some lies 'cause, one, none of them are good liars, and, two, none of them have any good strategies. So, we need to put some pressure on them and figure out what's going on.
26. Sandra (6/6): He was like, "Swear on your kids." And then he said, "Let me see your hands," 'cause he didn't want me, I guess, to have my fingers crossed. How dumb is that? So, I said, "I swear on my kids." And in my head, in mumbling under my breath, I was like, "I swear on my kids that I'm going to screw you and Burton."
27. Jon (5/6): Uh, D won for the third time in a row. Uh, Lill is now next to go as a result. And, you know, I feel kind of bad about that, but Lill has, uh, physically and emotionally just broken down at this point. Lill has not talked with us, uh, like she usually does. Uh, Lill has, uh, not done the work that she previ-- that she usually does. And, uh, that's a different Lill. And her actions are telling me that I can't trust her right now.
28. Burton (13/14): Lill's acting weird. She's on her last legs. She's just not doing well. And she's developing a pretty tight relationship with Darrah that's making me nervous. Um, but the way Jon and I are seeing it, if we can get Sandra to vote with us to get Lill off, um, I think it'll be a pretty good move.
29. Burton (14/14): Uh, I've really never spoken strategy with Sandra. The good thing about her, though, is she'd vote out her best friend, her worst enemy. She would go to the next level with five people she hated to get to that next level. So, it's very cut and dry with Sandra. There's no, "Oh, I have feelings for this person" or "I don't know if we should do that." She doesn't care. She goes, "If I'm staying in the game, I'll vote for ‘em."
30. Jon (6/6): All three girls are as dumb. There's no… they share a brain, like, I don't even think they share a whole brain or obviously they would’ve figure out, "Hey, we can get rid of these guys." They're foolish. I mean, uh, the girls in this game have-have done nothing to, uh, nothing for women's rights or anything like that. I mean, like, uh, they'd be better off, you know, scrubbing potatoes and mopping floors, uh, to-to get bills passed at this point. Uh, they-they've shown they're nothing more than followers in this game. I think it's downright foolish that they didn't talk. But, uh, I felt, and will continue to feel that I'm much smarter than them anyways. So, I guess, uh, kind of par for the course.
1. Darrah (1/2): (tearfully) Jeff brought back four envelopes and they had our letters in them from home. So, we just all sat down and started reading our letters. It's hard because you haven't talked to anybody in 37 days. I was just mainly worried about if my dog was okay and, um, you know, my family.
2. Sandra (1/9): I got four letters from home: one from my husband, my two girls and my mom. So l started crying because you can't help but to cry. It really felt good at a time like this when you got so many other things on your mind, and you do worry about your family. And then, to get a letter and know that everything's okay, okay fine, then l don't have to worry about them anymore. Now, it's time to focus on the end of the game.
3. Lillian (1/10): Having those letters from my three family members made me realize that l have to keep going. I have to be strong for them.
4. Jon (1/5): Lill went into such theatrics over her letter, that it-it pretty much overshadowed anyone else's letter. That's been her M.O. from the beginning. Of course, Lill will break down into hysterics and l hope to use that against her, hopefully, to show D and Sandra, if she does this in front of a final jury, you're screwed.
5. Jon (2/5): It is my head on the chopping block. It seems pretty obvious that-that the three of them have formed some kind of bond because, you know, all three share inferiority complexes to that of a man.
6. Lillian (2/10): Darrah told me, "You're a nice person, Lill, but l'm not going to take you to the final two."
7. Lillian (3/10): Nobody wants to go to the jury with me, cause they think l'm nice. They all think l'm going to get voted for because l'm nice. I'm just screwed all the way around.
8. Darrah (2/2): You really can't trust Jon. You don't know if he's lying or not. But, l-I think my best bet would probably-- me and Jon and Sandra.
9. Sandra (2/9): We went to get water and Darrah was just talking about, "We need to get rid of Lill. I think it would be good to keep Jon," um, “because he would be perfect to go into the final two." So, now, she's thinking Jon. Fine. It could be Lill as long as it's not me. I come back, Darrah takes off. Now, Lill comes to me with her own strategy.
10. Jon (3/5): Whenever you're in the hot seat and someone's ready to vote you off, create tension between two other people and those people-- those two people's heads usually end up on the chopping block. Case-in-point, tonight: it's either D or Lill. Isn't that crazy? (chuckles)
11. Sandra (3/9): As it stands now, if either Darrah or Lill wins immunity, then the other one goes. I really don't give a damn which one of the two goes, as long as it ain't me.
12. Sandra (4/9): The Tree Mail came and, uh, it said something about just head out to Tribal Council as usual. That your peers and your fate will be determined, l guess, by the "peers," meaning the jury. So, um, everyone's kind of freaking out.
13. Jon (4/5): I don't care if it's a physical challenge or a mental challenge tonight. I'm the king of men and they're women. There's a huge difference. I mean, like, you know… if it's a getting-pregnant contest, yeah, they could-- they could probably win, but, uh, other than that, no. Mentally, physically, l got-- I can beat any of them.
14. Sandra (5/9): Tonight at Tribal Council, we knew where the vote had to go. Darrah had won immunity three times in a row and she was still the strongest one of all of us. So, um, we all decided that she would be the one going home tonight. So, now, it's down to Jon, Lill and myself.
15. Lillian (4/10): Darrah wanted to get rid of me. So, tonight at Tribal Council, it was kind of a blessing that it worked out the way it did.
16. Sandra (6/9): It was the first time we ever received Tree Mail at night and it mentioned having to go to Pirates Cove before sunrise. So that means we're going to be getting up early, early, early and heading off to a challenge. This is going to be very important because this-- it's the last Immunity Challenge. And it's going to decide what's going to happen at Tribal Council tomorrow.
17. Lillian (5/10): I was so nervous, l felt like I was going to throw up. I knew if somebody else won it, I would be out of the game. I didn't think l had a chance. This was nothing to do with bargains, nothing to do with… scheming, strategy. This was for Lill, and Lill only. And l wanted it for her.
18. Sandra (7/9): If she were smart, she'd keep Jon and vote me out tonight. I will be in damn shock if l'm not voted out tonight.
19. Jon (5/5): That Immunity Challenge was, uh, about the most hardcore thing I've ever done. I really didn't have feeling left in my legs when l got out of the boat. And l'm just trying to get everything moving again. My gut right now says l'm going home tonight. I'm not going down without a fight. Sandra thinks, uh, that she's going. So… it's all in Lill's hands.
20. Lillian (6/10): I have a choice. Sandra, she's got a family. She's got children, she's got a husband, she works. But, then again, Sandra has a few people on that jury that like her. She may have a good shot at it.
21. Lillian (7/10): I'm thinking on two different areas as far as selecting the right person to go with me tonight. First of all, Jon keeps telling me how much everybody hates him. He has lied to everybody, and he has screwed them over more than one or two times. And he may be right. I may be able to win hands down because he is so hated. But then, on the other hand, I may not, because he is good at this.
22. Lillian (8/10): When Sandra and l came back from the Tribal Council, and the realization hit us that we are what they call the two Sole Survivors. We made it through. It was a good feeling knowing that, um, I came into the game not knowing a huge amount about it, but l'm still here. I picked Sandra because I'm hoping that strategy-wise, I have more friends on that jury than she does. Um, emotional-wise, I felt that I wanted Sandra to have the money more than Jon.
23. Sandra (8/9): I thought, before we even left the camp, that my fate was sealed, that l was third in line. In my head, l already had it planned. "Okay, grab the torch, step in the right place," 'cause every time somebody's surprised and in shock, they're all over the damn place.
24. Lillian (9/10): So now, Sandra and l are just going to chill out tonight, go to bed, get up in the morning, just kind of relax a little bit, and, um, pack our stuff up and go to Final Tribal Council. Plain, simple. (sighs)
25. Lillian (10/10): Survivor is not for the faint of heart. It is hard on you. And you have to be mentally prepared and you have to be physically prepared. For somebody to stand back in their living room and judge any one of these 16 contestants for the things that they did, they don't realize, it is not a camping trip. My middle-aged body hurts right now. I'm just worn out. I don't have the energy. I really don't have much of a spirit left. And l know l need to get it together for tonight.
26. Sandra (9/9): To this day, no one has ever put my name on a piece of parchment. They write it tonight, it's to give me the money. It'Il be for a good reason, not for a bad reason. And that was one of my goals. Lill is a good person. So, l don't know why she doesn't deserve it more than l do or why she does deserve it more than l do. I hope l win a million dollars tonight. I think l have a good chance. I think that what this will come down to is a three to four vote. It's going to be something real close.
