1. Fabio (1/3): Everywhere you look there's monkeys hanging from things. There's dangerous animals here. It's like, it's real. There's no-- there’s no fences like the zoo.
2. Jimmy J (1/7): I'm Jimmy Johnson. I'm sixty-six years old and I've won two collegiate national championships. I've won two Super Bowls. What could top it off better than to win Survivor?
3. Jimmy T (1/3): I noticed the older gentleman looks like a mafia boss and he looks like he wants to boss people around and I'm not the kind of character that likes his buttons pushed.
4. Alina (1/4): There's an old gray-haired guy that's just pissing me off already. He seems like the kind of guy who's gonna step into the leadership position. I hope he does ‘cause he'll just get kicked off right away.
5. Brenda (1/2): I'm single. (laughs) I am single, single, single. Very single. And flirting is something that I'm going to use if I have to.
6. Kelly B (1/3): I was born with a birth defect that forced, uh, the amputation of my right leg when I was six months old. I think initially I'm keeping everything a secret. I don't want people to make assumptions about my physical ability and that's what people do.
7. Marty (1/3): As I'm looking around the group right now, I see Jimmy Johnson, an NFL Coach. And, I mean, “Okay, I want nothing to do with Jimmy Johnson in this game.” And frankly, I have no idea why the hell he's even here. And I'd rather have him on the other tribe, frankly.
8. Alina (2/4): I noticed there was a girl with a limp. She has darker brown hair and I couldn't tell what was up with it. Like, I think that she, like, maybe has, like, a hip problem? But I don't know. I don't know what's going on with that.
9. Jimmy J (2/7): Oh, man! The older ones here, the younger ones there. I was looking forward to some of those young people carrying me. (chuckles) I don't want any of the old people with me.
10. Chase (1/2): When the switch came, my first thought was, “Oh, damn!” The antiques have the best coach you could ask for. They've got a Super Bowl winning coach on their team. I mean, he's a great leader. That's what he's done his whole life.
11. NaOnka (1/2): The medallion threw everything for a loop. I really wanna keep it. I like the-the fact that it's power. Power!
12. Shannon (1/5): I figure that the old people need the Medallion of Power more than we do. I mean, I don't want to underestimate the old people but I don't think they'll be able to handle some challenges. There's no reason why we should lose to them.
13. Jimmy J (3/7): All the adventures I've had in the past, I was in charge. I could fire players, I could recruit players, I could sign ‘em. Out here I don't have the control. Maybe somebody's going to be infatuated with me being head coach Jimmy Johnson Super Bowl winner. Well, I'll play on that. I'll play the superstar status. Some of these other players may resent that. Maybe they're Philadelphia Eagle fans or Washington Redskin fans. So I've got to work on each particular contestant to try to win them over because if I don't I'll be a target and they'll vote me out early.
14. Holly (1/2): Back in South Dakota, coaching the swim team, you have to deal with a lot of different personalities and you still have to hold your composure at the same time. So I'm, you know, very good judge of people. The first time I saw Wendy I trusted her and most of the time I do read people very well.
15. Wendy (1/2): Holly said she wanted to be in an alliance with me and I thought that was awesome but I wasn't expecting it so soon. I don't know if I'm naive. My brother calls me sheltered and that's kind of like naive. Being a goat rancher, you're with a lot of goats, you don't meet a lot of people. My strategy from the beginning of the game is take baby steps. First, not be the first person voted off. My husband thinks I'm going to be the first person voted off ‘cause he thinks I talk a lot. So I think I'm going to bite my tongue and hide my true self from the tribemates.
16. Jane (1/1): They think I'm some middle aged housewife that tootles around the house all day long, they’re in for a big surprise. Because that is definitely not me. I'm fifty-six years old and I'm the type person that stays busy all the time doing things. I just don't think there's anything I can't do. Winning the million dollars is real important to me ‘cause it’ll help me pay off my farm and the fact that I lost my husband, uh, in '09, it-it-it means I wouldn't have to work as hard as I do. But his spirit, I know is still with me and that's what keeps me going.
17. Marty (2/3): Jane started the fire literally within half an hour. The fact that we made fire that quickly, it reassured us all that you know what? We're going to take this thing. We've got just as much going for us as-as the young group does.
18. Sash (1/1): This game that's old guys versus young guys, we know we're going to be able to dominate and we’re excited. Great beach, great waves, beautiful girls. Doesn't get much better than that, right?
19. Fabio (2/3): As soon as we saw thirty and under it was like, “These are my people!” This is going to be a lot of fun.
20. Shannon (2/5): The guy with the long blond hair, you know, he's-he’s a dumb blond. I mean, I, you know, I never really called a guy a dumb blond before but he's a dumb blond.
21. Shannon (3/5): Blond-head kid, the one that looks like Fabio. Dude, he's just retarded.
22. Fabio (3/3): The name Fabio, man, I didn't even realize I was being called that at first. Fabio, like, rides a white horse and does butter commercials and is kind of a cheese ball. Whatever. Dude, I don't care what they call me. I'm gonna win the million dollars so I guess my nickname is Fabio.
23. Shannon (4/5): It's important that we don't let these girls take over. I mean, we already get owned in marriage. Pretty soon we'll have a woman president. But I mean, a guy needs to sack up and we need-- we need to win this one.
24. Kelly B (2/3): So being an amputee, every time I notice it, you know, people looking down at the ground I thought that they were looking at my leg and my foot and what about my pants and you know? And I was paranoid that people were just staring at my leg. I mean, I was definitely thinking that they were suspecting something was different. So I guess I'm going to have to just show it to everyone and so that's really my goal, is to make sure that I come out with it and am able to prove immediately that I am as physically capable as everyone else.
25. Shannon (5/5): Being that I'm such a wuss right now, I could almost cry for her because I felt so bad for her, like, if I went to the final three with her or two I'd be like, “Just give her the money, you know? Just, you know, cut her the check because no money in the world can replace what she's possibly gone through in her life.” But really, she's going to be too big of a threat down the road with sympathy votes, no doubt. So I just figure if we lose a challenge to the old folks, she's definitely got to be one of the first-first ones to go.
26. NaOnka (2/2): So Kelly B she has one leg and I don't want people to be getting mad at me because I’m talking about her leg but it is a game for the title of Sole Survivor plus a million dollars. So I'm not going to treat you as an outcast. If you feel like you can outrun me, “Girl, let’s race!”
27. Jimmy J (4/7): I overdid it, I think, when-when we were getting all the wood and getting all the bamboo and everybody was so excited to get here and start working on stuff. I just… and I think I did more than I needed to do.
28. Jimmy T (2/3): Coach needs to be careful. He's getting his ass kicked out here now. I don't know if he's going for an Academy award or if he's genuinely ill. But this is not for the weak and he's not a young man.
29. Jimmy J (5/7): I've watched every second of Survivor. I never imagined anywhere close that it was this difficult. First time I've ever experienced anything like this and, uh, it's-it’s an-an eye opener, I promise you.
30. Chase (2/2): Brenda, she's a cute girl. I mean, yeah I'm attracted to her. I for some reason really trust her. I don't want to have this thing where I have two different alliances, I don’t like that. I'm not trying to come on here and lie to everybody but my dumbass has gone out and put-put my neck on the line early and I-I was not planning on doing that. But I made that alliance with Shannon and now I've gotta figure out who I really can trust.
31. Brenda (2/2): I'm kind of used to having guys do what I say. And what's funny is that Chase just came up to me and told me the guys have an alliance going on and of course I'm going to use that information to get me to the end. I know Chase trusts me. He's a really nice guy but he's clueless.
32. Alina (3/4): Well, we just found a clue to a Hidden Immunity Idol this early the game. Yay! But we can't figure it out. Kelly B (3/3): So we're-- so we’re trying to decipher what the clues mean. Alina: They're not easy. Kelly B: And we're stumped. So we're thinking we're just going to hold on to it and, uh, maybe come back to it.
34. Alina (4/4): Kelly B and I… it's kind of hard right now because we found the Hidden Immunity Idol clue together which I wish we didn't find it together so now I'm kind of been forced to be in an alliance with her and I don't really want her to stick around for a long time because… I-I mean, I don't want to go to the-the end with her ‘cause, I mean, sorry to say it but sympathy vote for sure and I'm not trying to go up against that.
35. Jimmy J (6/7): This is a very stressful time on these people. It's a very stressful time on me. We’re obviously the underdogs, the older folks and they need motivation. Everybody in this world needs motivation and I think I can help motivate this team.
36. Jimmy J (7/7): I remember my second Super Bowl we lost the first two ball games. But we were able to keep going and we hung in there and, of course, won the Super Bowl. Losing the first challenge, it's not the end of the world. You know, let’s make sure we make a smart decision, get rid of the weakest player and still have the medallion, still have a strong team.
37. Jimmy T (3/3): I don't know, I can't even think clearly right now. I'm junk from the trauma of the… of the challenge. I'm forty-eight years old, but this place already knocked me down, it's only Day 3. So I've gotta learn to deal with that and I've gotta figure out how to play the game.
38. Holly (2/2): Coach explained that we need to keep our team stronger and I agree with him. And that's something I should have thought about before I rushed into the... alliance with Wendy. I'm really caught in a dilemma because I shook her-her hand and gave her my word. So, I really don't know that I'm just going to see what happens.
39. Wendy (2/2): I look nervous and concerned probably because I am nervous and concerned. Well, I don't know if I'm nervous but I'm concerned because I think I'm on the outs because I don't think of I’ve… developed a bond with a lot of the people. You shouldn't trust anyone in Survivor, that's true. And Holly won't even talk to me and she told me-- we-we shook on an alliance the first day. So, I'm thinking, “Heck, what's going on?” is all I want to know.
40. Marty (3/3): This is the first time that we've had to really feel each other out for something as important as who's going to go home and you throw a lure out there and you try to coax it out of people, you're getting some tentativeness, some nervousness about anybody saying a name. It could a be a real toss between Wendy Jo and Jimmy Johnson. We don't know how either one could really perform in a physical challenge. We're making some hunches here. We're making some guesses and Wendy Jo probably doesn't add a lot on the physicality side of the challenges. And I think, just because you're Jimmy Johnson and you're telling me that the jury's not going to give you the million dollars, I'm not buying it. So, it’ll be interesting. We just have to see how this thing plays out.
1. Holly (1/6): I feel like I'm kind of right now on the outs, and I know that my tribe senses I am. I just felt bad about making the alliance with Wendy and then, of course, I went in with everybody else to vote her out. I know it's part of the game to lie, and that's part of the strategy. So I think my next step needs to be to rethink everything ‘cause I would like to show these people that I can kick their ass on Survivor.
2. Marty (1/4): The plan for today is to get to a better place with regards to sleep. The shelter is still not totally there. People are up all night. We've gotta get that down better. I haven't slept really at all in the last three days.
3. Jill (1/4): The morning meeting went pretty good. It seems to be this routine we've fallen into. Everyone sort of sit down and decide what's going on for the day. So Coach, you know, gave us our assignments for the day.
4. Jimmy T (1/3): Jimmy's the man now, and everybody is buying him hook, line, and sinker. So now he's going to have TD doing this and he’s gonna have Marty doing that. I’m sitting in the corner and nobody says, “Hey, Jimmy T, what, do you think?” And it's starting to wear on me.
5. Marty (2/4): Jimmy J is jumping in and trying to give direction to the whole tribe and I just sat back and said, “Okay, let's roll with that.” That's fine because frankly, now I’m putting the pressure on him. You know, you be the arbiter, you know, I'm not putting my face out there anymore, you know, “You're-you’re the man.” And I think I can use that to my advantage in the event that we have to vote somebody else off.
6. NaOnka (1/6): I like Sash a whole lot. He's really down to Earth and he has that million-dollar smile and it seems like we have a good vibe, a good chemistry.
7. Sash (1/2): Being minorities, we have a bond that no one else can share. If we can work together on this, we could dominate this game. Now it's just up to the Asian sensation if she's willing to align with us or not, so we'll have to see.
8. NaOnka (2/6): Kelly B, she's a charity case. She has the heart, she has the mind, but she doesn't have 100% of the body and that's going to hurt us.
9. Holly (2/6): Today, I saw Jill eating snails, and I didn't know if you could eat them or not. She was going like this… and rolling her eyes, and then, that's when I realized, when Jill acted that way, that you really couldn't eat ‘em.
10. Jimmy T (2/3): Holly, I think is a very nice person but she's… she’s off the deep end. She needs to do well in this game and she's not and now she's hitting the panic button.
11. Jill (2/4): There’s nothing wrong with the snails so I don't know what to think of Holly. Her mental state is not good, and in Survivor you don't want to come across as mentally unstable.
12. Jimmy J (1/4): Holly snapped at Jill and it was really kind of a bizarre type thing. I'm just keeping my fingers crossed that she can turn it around before it's too late.
13. Holly (3/6): I don't think they realized that I was watching them, and Dan, who is making fun of me, that gets under my skin. So I think the best way for me to handle the situation with Dan is to try to find a way to release my anger. The New York City boy, Danny, he doesn't like sand on him. So let's just fill his shoes up, and then… put them somewhere. Make sure they're tied. Take them over here. I'm not going to sit back anymore and let them rub things in my face. I've been too nice up to this point. But the game has just begun.
14. Dan (1/3): So I woke up this morning, and I looked in my bag, and my alligator shoes are missing.
15. Holly (4/6): Right now, I'm-I’m struggling emotionally. This game is turning me into somebody I'm not. And it's-it’s draining on me. And I’m realizing this-this might not be for me. You know, I did things that I feel like I shouldn't and it bothers me so... I think it's best if I come clean.
16. Dan (2/3): She stole my shoes? She stole my shoes. She stole ‘em. I was born and raised in Brooklyn, New York. If she were a guy, I would have knocked her right out.
17. Tyrone (1/1): Holly keeps getting stranger and stranger. And every time she speaks, it becomes more evident that she's crazy. So, you know, I'm gonna keep one eye on her and one eye on my shoes.
18. Dan (3/3): I can't trust her. And I don't know how they can but she's not going to get any forgiveness from me.
19. Shannon (1/4): NaOnka, she lost one of her socks and now she thinks somebody took her socks and is playing tricks with her which is crap.
20. NaOnka (3/6): If there is somebody that is either after me, somebody that is trying to irritate me and they want to play dirty, yeah I can play dirty, too. So I found another pair of socks that were just sitting there, and, um, I took ‘em.
21. Alina (1/3): La Flor is definitely getting into some high school drama kind of stuff. Nay, she swears that somebody tried to sabotage her socks which is crazy, and now she stole Fabio's socks. She’s just a loose cannon.
22. Fabio (1/2): I was gonna ask her, “Hey, do you think that you accidentally took my socks?” But before I could say anything, she went crazy.
23. NaOnka (4/6): I don’t know what it is but Jud… I don't like anything about him. I don't want people to think that I'm like, a b-i-t-c-h, but the boy is stupid. Everybody thinks that his jokes is funny. Yeah, we're laughing, (mockingly) “Heh, heh, heh.” I'm laughing because I'm ha, ha, ha... I’m about to vote you off.
24. Jimmy J (2/4): It concerns me that Holly is having second thoughts about the game. She'd like to go home. Uh, but, uh... you know, I don't think it's the right thing to do just yet.
25. Jimmy J (3/4): This is no different than a football player wanting to quit the team. We all go through some adverse times and, you know, our minds get weak. Vince Lombardi says, “Fatigue makes cowards of us all.” Well, you know, that's what happens out here.
26. Holly (5/6): I know if I quit this game, I'll be letting my tribe down, so I'm gonna keep my head up. I'm gonna help the team out, and the emotional meltdown that I had today might either carry me through or it's going to hurt me. I guess we're just going to have to wait and see.
27. Jill (3/4): We used the Medallion of Power to get an advantage, which we desperately needed. Once we saw the advantage that it gave us and being that it was a dual challenge, it was-- it was a no-brainer. We won, so really, it couldn’t have gone better for us.
28. Sash (2/2): We thought being young guys we could dominate the game from start to finish. So today was a huge shock and a huge disappointment for our tribe, and, unfortunately, now we have to send someone home tonight and I'm really not sure how that's going to play out.
29. Holly (6/6): To win the challenge today, I won't lie... the first thing I thought of when we won is “What if I would have left?” It proves that if you don't quit, the payoff will be huge.
30. Jimmy J (4/4): Holly, she seems to be doing extremely well now. Everybody's got their fingers crossed that she'll get back on the page, but my past experience with individuals that have had setbacks like that, you know, it's easier to have the second setback. And so I think it's going to be a continual process with her.
31. Jimmy T (3/3): When we opened up our fishing gear there was a clue there for a Hidden Immunity Idol. It's a very difficult puzzle. But I'm a fisherman so I immediately figured out the middle one.
32. Jill (4/4): Initially, we figured out the clue said dig fifteen feet west of a man in a tree. So everyone just started frantically digging around random trees which is, like, exhausting, you know? So I looked at it and looked at it, and I'm like, “Tree man... tree man,” and then I was just like, it just hit me, “Tree Mail, there it is.” Marty is a smart guy with good ideas so I thought it would pay off in the long run to gain Marty's trust by sharing that with him.
33. Marty (3/4): I was really shocked that Jill gave me the key clue and Danny was with me when Jill came up, so he's involved now, but I like him and I think he could be pivotal. He could be dangerous later, but I think he could be pivotal if we find that idol. I think the tribe needs a jolt. I think we need a dramatic shift to get people whipped up and in line.
34. Marty (4/4): I certainly would not have found the idol if Jill had not given the clue about Tree Mail, no doubt about it. So the challenge now is how do we make it work?
35. NaOnka (5/6): Today I sat out at the challenge because I wanted to see if Kelly B was going to use her leg as an excuse because it was a physical challenge. I was very proud of her, the fact that she didn't do that. I mean, she's just… she's just awesome. I don't like her, but she's just awesome.
36. Alina (2/3): I think Brenda definitely has a thing for Chase because they hang out a lot. So we're kind of worried about them because he's such a good guy and, you know, he's going to tell her things. And they might try to work that angle so we have to break that up.
37. Shannon (2/4): Chase is constantly going off with Brenda all the time. I mean, I don't know if he's getting blinded by a woman, but Kelly B and Alina, they were kind of nervous and I'm getting kind of worried about Brenda, too.
38. Chase (1/2): I am definitely in a mess right now. Ever since the beginning of this game I prayed that God could give me someone that I could trust, and I feel that Brenda was that person, you know, right from the start. But at the same time, I made an alliance with Shannon. And now he wants Brenda sent home first. So I'm caught in the middle of two different alliances and I really have no idea what I'm gonna do.
39. Shannon (3/4): Chase, he kind of feels bad about sending Brenda home because of her feelings, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But Chase is my number one guy and if my alliance is sticking with what they say they’re doing then Brenda is the first one to go.
40. NaOnka (6/6): Yesterday, I went off on Fabio, and it was just because he rubbed me the wrong way. I can't stand him. He can't stand me. So I want Fabio out of here, but he doesn't have to go out, like, tonight, because he's not a threat to anyone. But Shannon, he's making himself a threat right now, talking to everybody. And I'm, like, “You want to do that? Okay. Well, just know you have built your own stepping stone to the grave at Tribal Council.”
41. Brenda (1/2): You want to know what's funny? I have people on my side without doing anything! I get a good vibe from Nay. Sash was saying how he wants to be an alliance. I feel like I can get Kelly Purple and I’m really tight with Chase. That makes five.
42. Chase (2/2): I'm so confused right now. Ever since the beginning of this game, I've been trying to figure out who I can trust and who I can play the game with. I liked Shannon right away, and he wanted to be aligned with me, but now there's just a feeling that I have that's not right about him.
43. Brenda (2/2): I really didn't expect someone would come up to me and say, "Shannon wants you out first!" (chuckles) And I don't understand really why? But Chase, I think he wants to keep me here because he just trust me. But it’s looking like it will be a tie, five for me and five for Shannon so who knows what's gonna happen?
44. Alina (3/3): When I heard their conversation, I was like, “We're screwed.” Brenda convinced Chase to go for Shannon, so Brenda has him by the cojones, and I don't know what we're gonna do.
45. Fabio (2/2): We're still not sure about Chase, man, as weird as that sounds. And we're wondering if Chase is going to lie to Brenda and vote her out or tell the four of us one thing and then flip.
46. Shannon (4/4): You know, it went from us being six strong to, like, now, I don't know what's what. I don't know who is in my alliance. I don't know who to trust. If Chase is a man of his word, then Brenda will go home tonight. If not, I have a big target on my back.
1. NaOnka (1/7): Coming back to camp after Tribal Council was so fake. Faker than faux fur! Everybody acting like they all cool with each other, "Oh, we're one big unit. We’re one big happy family." No, we're not because we've been divided. So Alina, Kelly B and Jud were in pure shock because their ringleader Shannon is gone. They had a plan and it didn't work, it backfired. So you wanna do that? Okay, well just know that sooner or later it's going to come back and bite you in the butt.
2. Marty (1/8): We heard the howler monkeys from the other side of the lagoon today so we went to see if we could find a food source that they were eating.
3. Yve (1/2): I'm a little star struck with Jimmy Johnson. Oh, my Lord, he is hysterical. He's just at his soul is inspiring.
4. Marty (2/8): I'm a little pissed off since Day 1, man. Why do we get stuck with a celebrity on our team? Everyone got glitter in their eyes. If Jimmy Johnson got up and walked across this lagoon right now, they'd probably believe it.
5. Marty (3/8): You know, he's a threat, especially a threat in a post-merge situation. I think you take Jimmy Johnson into a merge, that would be a disaster.
6. Jill (1/4): Marty's got the Immunity Idol and I thought it would pay off dividends in the long run to gain everyone’s trust by sharing it now rather than later.
7. Fabio (1/1): My whole strategy, bro, is to be out in the open and kind of make people laugh and be all crazy. But it goes deeper than just, “Oh, ha, ha, keep him around because he's funny.” It's like… (looks at floor) hermit crab on my foot. (laughs) It's like, I want to be kept around for more than just ‘cause I'm funny. You know, I wanna be kept around for my mentality, my spirit, whatever you want to call it.
8. NaOnka (2/7): Fabio, he's so stupid. I can't stand him, I can't. And I knew the first time I laid eyes on him that I wasn't going to like him. His hair got on my nerves! Like, such an airhead. You just knock on it and you'll just hear hollowness.
9. Jimmy T (1/2): When Marty announced that he found the idol and he wanted to share it with the tribe so that all the tribe could use it together against the young kids I was like, “What a guy! Way to go, Marty.” I'm thinking he's a nice guy, I wouldn’t do that. I would have kept it for myself.
10. Jill (2/4): Marty's stock went way up after that announcement. Jimmy T was like, "What a great guy, he did the right thing." And… and I think he came out looking like a superstar so it's good for me in the long run.
11. Tyrone (1/3): When Marty told everyone he found the idol, maybe he wants some integrity points, team points because people would perceive it that, “Hey, he's-he’s a team player, he’s on board with what we're-- what we’re planning to do.” But I think Marty's shady. I think he's for sure doing his own thing.
12. Marty (4/8): It was not going to be a secret for long that I had the idol. The only way to play it was to make it appear as something for the tribe to use for the better good to move us all forward, to be strong. But everyone knows the idol can only belong to one person and that one person is me.
13. Dan (1/2): I slept maybe two hours. Hungry. Not as easy as I thought it was going to be. I'm starting to get concerned that this tribe might think I'm a weak link. But, uh, I don't consider myself a weak link. Listen, this is the thing I signed up for so, uh, I'm just going to go with the flow. I mean, I do have a bad knee, okay? But that doesn't make me weak. I'm as strong as-- I mean, I'm not as strong as Tyrone, obviously. You know-- you know, I'm not going to say that. That-that would be crazy. But I'm as strong as any one of the women, even though it feels like, uh, some of them are built like mooses.
14. Yve (2/2): Danny's really struggling. And I know he's doing a really good job trying to hide it, but he's just, for whatever reason physically, he doesn't have it. So if in our next challenge he's a rock star, well clearly he's been playing us all a show but I don't think so.
15. Alina (1/1): Tribal Council drew a line in the sand and I ended up on the wrong side of the line. They're going to need Fabio and Ben in the challenges so Kelly B and I are not in the best position.
16. NaOnka (3/7): In my alliance right now it is Chase, Brenda, Sash, myself, and Kelly Purple. That is our strong five and we've got to get Alina out of here. ‘Cause if we can get Alina out of here, we'll send a shockwave to Kelly B, “That's what you get, bitches.”
17. Kelly B (1/2): After we won the challenge, I went right for the fruit basket and I could see the Hidden Immunity Idol clue. I grabbed up one side and I saw it right at the bottom and then I saw Nay looking down, too, and I was like, “Oh, shoot, that's not good.”
18. NaOnka (4/7): Kelly B, she was scared. I could see the little wheels turning. She's probably like, “Dang! Of all people, why did it have to be NaOnka to see it?” So I had to come up with a game plan. As soon as we get back to our home, I'm going for it. Damn the fruit, I'm going straight for the paper.
19. NaOnka (5/7): Leaving the challenge I wasn't going to let the clue out of my sight at all. So I'm watching her, I’m watching her, I’m watching her. She looks at me and I'm looking at her like, “Yeah, I see you. I know exactly what you're doing. You think I'm about to take my eyes off of it?!” ‘Cause I did what I had to do. That paper was basically like a million dollars. That's the lifeline in this game. Getting a clue, that's the lifeline.
20. Kelly B (2/2): NaOnka and I were carrying the fruit basket in and the next thing I know, she just pummeled me. I mean, just pushed me out of the way. She went after the clue and then kind of wandered off. Oh, I was pissed because Alina and I really need the Hidden Immunity Idol.
21. NaOnka (6/7): I saw them talking. "That bitch NaOnka, she got the clue.” And I know Kelly B is making it seem like, "She just pushed me out of the way, I didn't even know what was going on!" Go ahead, be a fool, ‘cause if it happens again, it happens again and I will pull you again and hopefully I'll pull-- I’ll push you so hard that damn leg will fly off!
22. NaOnka (7/7): You could say I got 'hood, I sure did. I got 'hood. I didn't get ghetto. Ghetto would have been "Girl, you know I had to whoop that and I had to get that, girl, you trippin, girl, uh-uh, girl.” No, I just (gestures shove) whoop! It's the game, it is a game. She has one leg. Don't think that I'm gonna be nice to you because you have one leg. I'm not gonna be nice to you. You gotta be kidding. My name is NaOnka, not fool.
23. Brenda (1/1): Nay showed it to me and… and I think she's the on-- I'm the only person she showed. She definitely in my eyes has the power right now, and I'm just keeping as-as tight with her as possible. Thank God it's not in Alina and-and K.B.'s hands.
24. Jill (3/4): The challenge today was pretty much of a disaster. We ended up losing both reward and immunity. So not only do we have to go to Tribal Council, they walked off with a whole mess of bananas and spices and it was-- it was pretty tough to take.
25. Jimmy T (2/2): The guys that are the leaders here are-are squelching me because I'm an obvious leader and they know it and-- but it’s not the way to do it. If these people knew what they were doing, I would be the leader of this tribe and I would lead them well. But right now, Jimmy Johnson, he may be catching right up with Danny in the useless department.
26. Tyrone (2/3): Some people seem to think I was mad because I got pulled out. No, I was cool with the rotation, whatever. It was just do we want to win or do we want everybody to touch the ball? You know? Everybody can't touch the ball all the time if you want to win.
27. Marty (5/8): It was a heated discussion and kind of enjoyable just to watch a little bit of tension for a change in this tribe. I hate to say it but, uh, I'm looking forward to Tribal Council. We're finally going to get this tribe to play this game. This is real and it starts now.
28. Marty (6/8): I'm worried about Jimmy Johnson. I think he's full of it. I mean, just playing like, “Hey, you know, I'm not going to win.” You know, I just don't buy that. So I need to remove him so that people will lose their daddy and they'll either shake and crumble or they'll have to come to me.
29. Jill (4/4): The way I see it, Danny, Coach and Holly are all equally weak players. Marty, for some reason, sees Jimmy as a threat. Somehow he thinks Jimmy's going to like, weasel or worm his way into the merge. I don't really follow his logic or his reasoning. And to be honest, I would prefer Dan because I think he's physically, you know, the weakest. But he's like, “No, no, no, Coach is dangerous.” I was like, “Whatever.”
30. Dan (2/2): Marty and I are very solid. I think the next one to go is going to be Jimmy. I mean, you see him. I'm in much better shape. I'm in much physical-- I’m in much, much, much, much better physical shape than he is. So when the smoke clears tonight, we'll know whether I go home or Jimmy goes home.
31. Marty (7/8): There's some people that are definitely smart. Actually, not that many. But I've got the strategy. Jimmy J’s got to go first and it will shake the tribe to its core. I've got Danny squared away and I've got Jimmy T I've got Jill, she totally defers to me. The people like Jane and Holly, I mean, look at Jimmy Johnson as if he were, you know, the pope. So that… just people being stupid.
32. Jane (1/1): I really would like to see the weakest player go home. I don't know if Danny's having that great of a time. He's got an injured leg, okay? Spirits are getting a little low with the lack of food. Coach is kind of my fishing buddy, so I really don't want him to go at this point. I really don't want Dan to go either, but, we will see what happens. I do not like going to Tribal Council. Hate it! (chuckles)
33. Jimmy J (1/1): I'm in trouble every single week we go to Tribal Council. I know that. I want to keep playing the game. It's the toughest thing I've ever gone through. I mean, I've gone through two a day practices, three a day practices, both as a coach and as a player and nothing compares to this. Nothing compares to it.
34. Tyrone (3/3): Marty's paranoid. I think that-that Marty's very much about Marty. I haven't made up my mind yet, but Jimmy Johnson's life has been about motivating and leading men. I'm worried about Danny’s physical ability to help the team. I mean, dude got ailments.
35. Marty (8/8): There's some people that are kind of shying away from making the tough calls. Tyrone's answer was nowhere near where I needed it to be. It shows me he's just not thinking this game through at all. I think that's a huge mistake. I'd like Jimmy Johnson gone and those that want to play with me and want to play along, jump on board. Do not mess around with me. I mean, I'm playing this game for real and I'm playing a smart game here. I just hope it all goes the way I'm planning ‘cause this is what needs to happen and it needs to happen now.
1. Jimmy T (1/3): The leadership that Jimmy Johnson supplied in everybody's eyes was nothing. He gave a couple of cheerleader speeches that any chuckle head could do. He-he didn't put his best people forward. He definitely wasn't a Jimmy T fan and I wasn't going to get a lot of playing time with him calling the shots and if he was a player he wouldn't have been on my alliance, that's for sure. So I'm not going to miss him too much.
2. Marty (1/5): Jimmy T is just putting on the “Jimmy T Show.” Annoying, singing, trying to do his best. But it is Jimmy T, man, that's who this guy is. You know, he's a loud mouth, he’s a-- he just-- he just has to hear his own voice, you know, 24/7. It's just... this game tries your patience in so many different ways and-and that guy's just… it's just obnoxious. So, I mean, all you've got to do with Jimmy T is give him just a little bit of rope. That's all he needs and he'll hang himself from the nearest branch.
3. Jane (1/2): Some place on Nicaragua they must have had eight or ten inches of rain and all that water we've had mixed with the last couple of days obviously is just come on down and found its way back to the ocean.
4. Dan (1/1): The entire beach is just covered with debris. All sorts of wood and everything else. As a matter of fact, our beach front here is gone. You can't even get in there. And it's all covered with mud. The ocean's all filled with mud. It's really a mess.
5. Jill (1/3): Food is a huge issue. I mean, it's terrible. Uh, our bay that we were supposed to do the fishing in is completely washed out so we have-- it's not like we're lazing around waiting for food to come. We have no food and no means of getting it. So we're down to two cups of rice a day and our rations is, uh, probably going to put us down more than that. So, yeah, we're starving and we're-we’re pretty-pretty sick about it.
6. Jane (2/2): I do believe every one of us is going to miss Jimmy Johnson. I mean, I'm going to miss him because he was as good a fisherman as anybody. But every team I've ever been on had a captain and a co-captain and they made decisions based upon the ability of the tribe. And I'm hoping somebody's going to step up and say, "I want that role."
7. NaOnka (1/4): I didn't even know that it rained last night until I woke up this morning and I tried to climb out of the shelter and it was a little wet. I slept that well. Brenda has the Hidden Immunity Idol clue right now and she's been trying to decipher it. We're going to try to look for it today but these clues are really, really hard to figure out.
8. NaOnka (2/4): The Immunity Idol is mine, it’s mine, it’s mine and it doesn't belong to anyone else. Brenda helped me find it but ultimately, I figured it out and it's mine. The Hidden Immunity Idol is on my sock. It's not going anywhere. I came all the way out here from South Central L.A. and I think it's starting to finally hit me that, you know, it's a million dollars on the line. It's a million dollars on the line. And that would not let anyone stand in my way. Not even a one-legged person can stand in my way as you can see. One shove, she's out of there.
9. Alina (1/2): Kelly B and I have really built a good relationship. I really like her. She's such a nice person and seeing the way Nay treats her, it makes me so furious. Yeah, she tackled a girl with one leg. Like, how sick is that?!
10. NaOnka (3/4): I've been watching Alina and Kelly B running like a wild banshee looking for the Hidden Immunity Idol. They're not going to find it. The idol's already found and it's hidden. So what do I have to lose right now? Nothing. So I'm gonna try to scare them because they're weak. If you get in their head and they're scared, they're not going to know what to do.
11. Alina (2/2): NaOnka's psycho. Kelly B never did anything to Nay. Never. Except for go for the same clue.
12. Kelly B (1/1): Nay's a bully. I mean, I can't think of anything else to call someone who knocks you over. I don't know if she's worried about me finding something out there, but she wanted a reaction out of me, and-- and that’s-- I wasn't going to give it to her but at the same time it's really hard to, like, contain yourself.
13. NaOnka (4/4): I really don't need no charity case on the jury ‘cause for sure-- for sure she will not vote for me to get the million dollars. Torturing Kelly B mentally might even force her to just quit the game. And screw your leg. Screw your leg. Keep it away from the fire.
14. Jimmy T (2/3): Marty's definitely not a big Jimmy T fan. It’s-- it has to stem from insecurities ‘cause I'm an easygoing guy. You know, he wants ultimate control and nobody say anything and any time I try to give some input he tries to mildly, humbly shoot it down. A couple times I'd like to tell Marty, "Will you shut up, you preppy little bitch? You wouldn't last a minute in my world." I've got to give him a little shake. "Marty! Get a clue!" (chuckles) Maybe once I lose it, that's the next thing I'll do.
15. Tyrone (1/2): Yeah, we've got to get the "W" and the other tribe is, uh, not a factor to me. And I'm confident that if we give 110% of our best effort, which is discipline and listening, I think we'll do better because we're typically more disciplined. We're older.
16. Marty (2/5): I nominated Tyrone last night as the leader for the challenge and, by the way, I knew it would rile Jimmy T You know, he's like a three-year-old. J.T. is delusional. He has no idea. He suffers from both paranoia and from delusions of grandeur. Anybody that calls out Jimmy Johnson and says that Jimmy Johnson might be insecure because of Jimmy T's leadership capabilities has got some issues going on.
17. Tyrone (2/2): Jimmy T, he's digging his own hole. Every time we have a challenge he's very negative afterwards. Very negative what he says, "All I want is a shot. I can-- I’m telling you, I can get in there, I can make some things, I've coached." You don’t start giving me his resume. Bottom line is he's-he’s very much about him and it's becoming more and more clear and the comments today, uh... I didn't dig at all.
18. Chase (1/2): As soon as I opened the tackle box I saw a rolled up piece of paper. I knew it was a clue and as soon as I saw that I shut it. Everyone else went over and looked at the tarp or whatever they were looking at, I didn't care. I grabbed the-the note, folded it up, put it in my pocket and… Brenda is a very close ally of mine. I'd probably trust her more than anyone out here.
19. Brenda (1/2): Chase found the third clue. He figured out where it should be if it was there and I just felt so bad because he is my buddy.
20. Chase (2/2): You really cannot trust anyone in this game but sometimes you have to. NaOnka and I don't have a great trust but we do have Brenda between us, you know, so as long as Nay's not coming after me then that's fine.
21. Brenda (2/2): If word gets out that I told Chase, Nay won't trust me anymore because I-I-I betrayed her trust which is big ‘cause she's the one with the idol.
22. Jill (2/3): Oh, we're digging around for sea urchins. We're really-- we’re really hurting for food and this is about it. You get like, this tiny little glop of, uh, salty protein but it's really good. They-they actually are just a bit of flavor and, uh, yeah, we're down to sea urchins now.
23. Marty (3/5): Trying to call me out as a non-team player because I ate a couple sea urchins and I didn't contribute sea urchins to his net, (scoffs) he just doesn't get this game. You do that, that's the perfect way to ensure your destiny in this game.
24. Marty (4/5): So Jimmy T trying to tell me that I'm not a team player and calling it out in front of the whole tribe? That's the equivalent of putting a gun to your mouth, pulling the trigger and blowing your brains out, as far as I'm concerned.
25. Marty (5/5): The main thing is that Danny does not go home. I tried to drill that into Jill. I think she gets it. Do I wish Danny was, you know, stronger and better? Yeah, it’d be great but after tonight, people will understand it doesn't matter what they want to say about whether Danny's weak and why am I protecting him. It’ll be numbers. Numbers speak for themselves and the numbers will dictate the outcome of the next three Tribals and I know I can count on him. I know I can count on him. Jimmy T drives us all crazy. He drives everybody crazy in camp. It's just... it's annoying as all hell and if I don't have to listen to him at any more Tribal Councils, it’ll be a blessing.
26. Jill (3/3): Honestly, I want Dan to go but he's intrins-- you know, because I've always been for a strong team but he's intrinsic to my alliance so I'm not sure I can do that. I mean, I-I love Dan but he's definitely, he’s the guy who sits every game so, you know, what are you gonna do?
27. Yve (1/1): You know, sometimes the silence is a little bit more powerful than speaking and it's a social game too and I know J.T. appears, verbally, to be so secure but he's-he’s insecure. And when someone of that stature and-and that accomplishment doesn't trust he's enough... (shakes head) is he-- I can't trust he's going to be enough down the road. I'm a mother and I don't coddle my kids that much.
28. Jimmy T (3/3): You never know in this game. I'm scared that it might be me because I keep opening my mouth. But, of course, every time I open my mouth about "Put me in coach," it falls on deaf ears. They don't talk much to me these-- very-- I get very little out of them. That's what feeds my fuel of, uh, feeling like I'm all alone on a planet here. It's-it’s a tough group of people to get along with and I'm easy to get along with... I think.
1. Holly (1/5): I had no idea that Jimmy T was going tonight at Tribal Council. I was shocked. Most of the people that I talked to said they were gonna, you know, vote for the weakest link. I mean, let’s face it, physically, Jimmy T could do handstands over Danny. And they’re keeping the tribe strong?! It does upset me. I'm on the outs and I know that something has to change.
2. Marty (1/4): Tribal Council last night was a slam dunk. Jimmy T was voted off. So you can't get cocky in this game but I'm in control finally. I'm in control of this tribe. If you can see two Tribals ahead in this game, that's pretty good. I mean, if you can see it with the level of certainty that I have, even better.
3. Marty (2/4): Jane and Holly, they're going to have to go. It would take something extraordinary off the charts, completely whacked out to disturb my plans now.
4. NaOnka (1/6): I'm so proud to be on my young tribe. I mean, we're the bomb. My solid five right now is myself, and Purple Kelly, Brenda, Chase, and Sash. We are controlling this entire game right now. Kelly B and Alina are the ones that are up to get voted out. I have it all planned in my head, I already see the win. We got the tarp and I have the Hidden Immunity Idol. Got my hair done, got my shoes clean, got the new fit, you know, I got my swag. If I look good, I feel good, I'm gonna do good.
5. Tyrone (1/2): Today we got, uh, new people in the tribe. If I had it my way, I would have loved to stay with the old tribe because we-- I think we had a good little machine going. You know, but another dynamic is that you have a little pretty girls running around, you know, and there may be some flirtation going on.
6. Alina (1/3): Tyrone is definitely the leader of this tribe and as soon as we came in here he started telling us this goes here and this goes here and you gotta do this and you gotta do that. And it's very older tribe.
7. NaOnka (2/6): In La Flor we didn't have any rules and I think that now you got Tyrone right now, Tyrone… he's just trying to tell everybody what to do. Don't think that you a G, which is a gangster, ‘cause you're not.
8. Holly (2/5): This switch has been phenomenal for me. I feel like I relate to the kids well. I mean, coming back, you know, the kids were very receptive to me so I just hope that I can some way or another keep them, you know, and tell them that I'm-I’m honest to them.
9. Holly (3/5): I think I have a better chance at going farther at this point with the kids than I do with Dan, Yve and TD. So, strategically, if the kids come with me with an idea, 100% I'm on board.
10. NaOnka (3/6): There's only four of us here with four of Espada. And Holly wants to team up with us so we'll have the numbers to five. I'm gonna go where the numbers go. It's pretty ironic that Alina and myself got pulled over to Espada. Alina and I's relationship has changed a whole bunch. So this is our home now and we have to make do with what we have.
11. Fabio (1/1): The old switcheroo. I was pretty stoked on how it worked out, actually. I was dreading the switch ‘cause I felt comfortable in the original La Flor tribe. But the way it worked out was pretty right on. We picked up Marty, Jill, and Jane. We're all super cool and numbers wise, La Flor tribe are five and three, it looks good.
12. Jane (1/2): Well, I like these kids. I mean, they kind of think like me and they’re kind-- they seem to be more relaxed, whereas my tribe was all about schedule, schedule, schedule.
13. Jane (2/2): I would have voted Marty and Jill out long time ago if I could have got an alliance ‘cause Marty and Jill have been tight as ticks... one like, humping the other one on the back, I’m telling ya.
14. Marty (3/4): It doesn't seem to me like this tribe has had a lot of leadership and, frankly, at Espada, I got control of that entire tribe and not necessarily by being a leader but by being a player.
15. Marty (4/4): I thought it was really important to show that I had the idol. I knew that Jane would probably tell them I had it so why not play it up front and try to get something out of it?
16. Brenda (1/1): I think Marty is so arrogant. He just whipped out the Immunity Idol. You know, "Okay, no BS, I have the idol." And we're sitting there, like, “Wow, so impressed!” But in our heads we're like, “Are you stupid?!” He's coming into our home and he's already setting up like he's the king. He has a lot of balls. That is the dumbest thing he could have done. Hello!
17. Benry (1/3): The resources around this camp are definitely slim. They built that shelter right off the ocean. We're getting a crazy wind. You know, they've got a high roof and there's no shortage of rain here today. And, uh, you know, it doesn't look like there's any sign of stopping.
18. NaOnka (4/6): This rain out here is hideous. I just don't like the rain and I'm just worried about, like, my head because when I'm cold and I'm not really doing too well, I-I lose it.
19. Alina (2/3): NaOnka seems like a high school girl. She's irrational and crazy and she just seems like she's on her period all the time. Rain is not that big of a deal here. We're on a beach! We're wet anyway. I mean, who cares? But I'm actually, like, relishing in it. You know, just keep checking out. Like, it's better for me if you want to go home because that's just one less person I have to battle against.
20. NaOnka (5/6): I knew that we were gonna lose. I felt it. And you know? I'm not a quitter and I don't want my students to think I'm a quitter but… ah, I'm-I’m just getting skinnier and I'm losing fat and I think I'm done. I really do think I'm done.
21. NaOnka (6/6): We lost the challenge today and I believe that Espada is cursed because how you gonna get the pick of the litter and you're still losing? We're going to Tribal Council tonight. It's crazy but I'm not nervous at all about Tribal. I made it this far. If I continue going, kudos to me. But I don't care, I really want to go home. I'm over it.
22. Holly (4/5): It seemed like everybody wanted to eat the chicken except for Tyrone. You know, sometimes it is hard to go against Tyrone. Tyrone is a little intimidating but I think we need to start standing up to Tyrone.
23. Tyrone (2/2): If I had it my way, I say we keep the chicken but we're going to kill one for immediate gratification and after that then we're going to be hungry again. But I'm not going against it and just say, "No, that ain't happening." And it wouldn't be smart to-to rock the boat right now.
24. Holly (5/5): I noticed as we were cleaning the chicken and as we were boiling the chicken, Tyrone, he stayed in the background because it wasn't his way, instead of pitching in. But as soon as it was time to eat the chicken he was right there.
25. Benry (2/3): We had plenty of food for everybody and everybody took a mediocre regular size portion. Meanwhile, you have Tyrone in the corner just feasting and it was very blatantly obvious that he-he had gotten more chicken than the rest of the tribe so he's becoming more and more obnoxious by the day.
26. Benry (3/3): Tyrone's, you know, granted, he's a very physical player and he could benefit us in-in some challenges in one way or another but he's not the easiest guy to be on the same tribe with so I think that cutting him loose tonight would absolutely bring us closer together. But it worries me a bit. NaOnka is hanging on by a thread. She's struggling. She almost threw the red flag last night and she's not doing too well. I don't know if she's all there, you know, mentally right now.
27. Alina (3/3): Everyone at camp is aware that NaOnka has had a rough couple days. It's not going to be a big deal. We're gonna have to send Nay home. We should just be happy that we have Holly. Myself, Chase, Benry and Holly, uh, we're definitely in control of this game so we have to do decide who goes home, Tyrone or NaOnka? I mean, I'm just going to have to see what everybody else wants to do.
1. Holly (1/3): Ten days ago, I was ready to get out of here and if one lesson I've learned out here is quitting is an easy way out. If you can't handle the rain, the wind, you should have thought of that before you came. You signed up for something, suck it up and finish.
2. Yve (1/3): It surprises me that Holly believed that Tyrone and I were in an alliance and that's why they couldn't tell me because we weren't. It's going to be tough for me, but I'm not walking out of here without a fight.
3. Yve (2/3): I don't want to throw anybody under the bus, but Danny doesn't want to be here anymore. So I'll take that information and I'll work around that. That's the game of Survivor. You've gotta do what you've gotta do to stay alive.
4. Jill (1/1): The young tribe is like 180 degrees from where we came from. Um, we would get up, get wood, fish and these guys sleep all day. I don't know but we've been dealt a very bad hand by coming on to a team in minority numbers. I feel like the young ones bonded and bonded really strong. So I definitely feel like they'd get rid of us in a heartbeat if they could.
5. Brenda (1/5): Even though we are all called La Flor, it's still younger tribe and older tribe. Well, actually it's younger tribe plus Jane. (chuckles) I mean, look at Jane. Jane blends in right away because she just a natural genuine helper. So if we go to Tribal Council, I think what I want to do is have three people vote for Marty, three people vote for Jill. That way you flush out the idol and whatever happens, one of them is going home.
6. Brenda (2/5): The little “One, two, three, La Flor!,” that was totally fake. I mean, Jill and Marty, come on. You could see that they're working their minds, they're working their own little thing. You just feel it. But worst case scenario happened. Jill won individual immunity, Marty has the Hidden Immunity Idol so now we're stuck. But we will somehow vote someone out that we don't want.
7. Sash (1/2): Since Jill won the individual immunity today, our whole strategy kind of changes at this point. So the plan for tonight is we'll split the vote between Marty and Kelly B and hopefully flush the idol.
8. Brenda (3/5): I'm excited about the plan that we have in store because Kelly B has never been a part of our alliance. You know, she was gunning for me from the start, plus she has a fake leg. So I think people would give Kelly B a million dollars because they feel bad for her. And, you know, you can't afford to have someone like that around.
9. Kelly B (1/1): I really wanted to see Jane around here for as long as we could keep her but I've been on the outs with the La Flor group so the best thing I can do is just kind of lay low and vote with everyone else.
10. Brenda (4/5): Tonight's Tribal Council is not going to be easy because I have to, like, make sure all these pieces are-are set. And you never know what Fabio’s gonna do. I mean, he's clueless so it's going to be a little complicated. (laughs)
11. Marty (1/4): Actually, I'm not a grandmaster in chess. And the Argentine grandmaster of all time, Guillermo Vilas, he’s one of the greatest tennis players of all time but clearly has nothing to do with chess. So I can pull anything out of the '70s on these guys and they wouldn't know what’s going on.
12. Fabio (1/2): When Marty says, “I am a grandmaster in chess,” I'm just thinking, “D'uh, like it makes sen-- it does make sense, man.” He's always talking about it's a numbers game and you can see him doing all these numbers in his head and I'm, like, “Sign me up.” It sounds like a good deal, you know?
13. Marty (2/4): You can never be too cocky, you can never be too confident. But if I can pull this off it could be a whole new ball game.
14. Holly (2/3): For me to win individual immunity is good but at the same point the other tribe gets to watch our Tribal Council, they get to eat in front of us. So it's not gonna be a lot of fun. For tonight's vote, I have individual immunity and the four young Espada members definitely have the numbers advantage so at this point, I feel like I have to go with the majority and the choices tonight for who we can vote for are Dan and Yve.
15. Dan (1/1): It's very hard being here and living here. The food situation is bad, weather situation is bad, everything's bad. And I don't need the money. I got a Range Rover, I got a Ferrari. I mean, why in the world am I doing this?
16. Holly (3/3): I feel like Dan wants to give up but now he told me he does not want to go home. He needs to be honest because if he doesn't want to be here, there's people that wanna be here.
17. Benry (1/1): I personally want to get rid of Yve tonight because I don't want to take her to the merge. She's a smart player. She's here to play for the million dollars. Dan, I know for a fact, he's not a threat to me whatsoever so it's really a no-brainer tonight for me to want to vote Yve out.
18. Chase (1/2): The dynamic between the four original La Flor guys is we say we trust each other, the only one I really truly trust is NaOnka. Benry and Alina, I think, they could switch like that. Best scenario for me tonight? It could possibly be to keep Yve.
19. NaOnka (1/2): Chase and I, we are really confused on who we would want out. If it was my choice, I would choose Dan to go home because there's no way that if we continue keeping him in this game we're gonna win. Dan's knees are about to crack. He's about to start walking on his knees. Sooner or later he's about to be walking on nubs.
20. Yve (3/3): Holly won immunity and the young tribe, they're pretty tight so it's me or Dan. And we've been to a lot of Tribals when Dan's name gets written down but he's not voted out. Maybe he's just got a little-little someone sitting on his shoulder watching out for him that I'm hoping jumps ship and comes over to my shoulder tonight.
21. Alina (1/1): Yve came up to me and NaOnka and she said "I'm actually valuable to you guys because when we get to the merge I have really good relationships with the old Espada tribe." And I'm thinking, “If we get you to the merge and you have good relationships, what makes us think you're not going to switch on us?” Clearly, Dan isn't strong physically but the problem with Yve is that Yve is playing really hard. So in my head I went, “Wow, that's the perfect argument to get rid of her.”
22. Chase (2/2): I think it's always most important to keep the tribe strong physically, but then at the same time, I think that Yve might do whatever it takes to get herself, you know, further in the game. So she could be very dangerous.
23. NaOnka (2/2): First Chase wanted to vote for Dan, now it sounds like Chase wants Yve taken out. Okay, that's what you guys want to do, tell me. Tell me right now, is that what you guys want me to do because I'll write her name down and I'll smile in her face. That's outwitting. (winks)
24. Jane (1/1): I'm as thick as peanut butter and jelly with the younger La Flor tribe so I have a little smile on my face because I believe what goes around comes around because those two never pulled me in to their alliance. They've been conniving since Day 1. So I hope it goes the way Brenda's planned it.
25. Fabio (2/2): Sash wants me to vote for Marty. But I want Marty to stick around. He's a smart guy, he's filled-- he’s let me in on some of his secrets, you know? So I feel like I'm kind of in good with him.
26. Sash (2/2): If everything goes according to plan, we'll be able to kill a couple of birds with one stone. But Fabio is so up in the air all the time, who knows which way the wind is blowing this evening so something could go wrong.
27. Marty (3/4): I thought with Fabio we could maybe shake things up, but I think it's probably too dicey, it's probably safer to go with Jane tonight. Buys us a little time.
28. Brenda (5/5): The vote will be determined by what Marty does with the idol. If he plays the idol, Kelly B’s going home. If Marty doesn't play the idol, it will be a tie and we'll have to make a tough decision because Marty is the number one enemy right now. Because he's a huge schemer. But on the other hand, why would you want to keep a pissed off Kelly B who can win the whole thing? So enemy... (mimes tilting scale) Kelly B I don't know.
29. Marty (4/4): It's a very, very calculated decision to play or not play the idol. My gut is telling me they will vote for Jane so I'll hang on to it. It would only buy me one more Tribal Council anyways. But it could very well be me going home tonight if I make the wrong decision.
1. Chase (1/2): At Tribal Council we discussed the original plan and vote, uh… vote Yve out tonight. But, uh, I'm a little bit worried about Dan's performance. It’ll definitely be a hard pill to swallow if Dan costs us the challenges. But, uh, we've made our decisions, we've made our beds and we've got to lay in it.
2. NaOnka (1/3): Alina is strong and she's very smart. From Day 1 she had these eyes that can just see straight through you. I never trusted her at all. So we need to get Alina out next.
3. Marty (1/3): You gotta have big, big cojones to pull the move that I pulled tonight which is I did not play the Immunity Idol. So I kept that Immunity Idol in my pocket and I debated long and hard and something told me hang on to it and I was right. I also need to get to the bottom of Jane. Obviously, Jane voted for me tonight so that's going to have to be dealt with. She turned on me. She's-she’s a desperate one and she has been from the beginning and she's gotta go.
4. Jill (1/2): Kelly B going home buys Marty and I another three days here. I'm hoping that Jane will be next but Marty and I are really-really like, scrambling around from behind the 8-Ball to try and stay here. I don't know if it's going to work.
5. Kelly S (1/1): Reward was for a horseback ride and breakfast and you get to milk your own milk, I guess. I don't know if that makes sense. You get to milk your own milk and... that sounds amazing. We should have won. And we should be going ‘cause that is amazing.
6. Jane (1/4): We lost the reward but it makes you get up and do things and keep going and the word quit is not in my vocabulary. I mean, I go at it all day long. I'm a farmer girl and farmer girls have a strong heart and a strong will. I can do a whole lot more than Marty and Jill ever thought I could do so I'm trying to stay in the good graces of the four tribe members that I have made friends with over at the La Flor team. So, you know, they can lounge around, that's okay. As long as they feel I'm important. I don't care what they do right now. I'm not going to tell ‘em to get off their lazy little asses. Let ‘em sleep. Let ‘em sleep, let ‘em relax. As long as we win challenges, that's-that’s all I care about.
7. Sash (1/2): The older people who came over from Espada can work their butts off, feed me all day long and, you know, they'll help me get stronger. So I love it. Um, you know, I get to stay at home all day, relax, eat the fruits of their labor while they go out, they work hard. You know, I give them a lot of credit but, you know, this is a game and, you know, long run for me, who stays in this game isn't a matter of how hard you work around camp, it's about how loyal you are to me.
8. Chase (2/2): We won reward and we showed up and it was-- it was unbelievable. I mean, I grew up on a horse farm in Florida and since my dad passed away we stopped having any horses in our barn and that was just amazing for me. All the emotions and everything. You get a lot of time to reflect on stuff that you miss and I really, really miss my dad. Just being here, the first reward that I get was being able to spend it on a horse which was just unbelievable because it just reminded me like, God, he's just here, he's with me. And it was just an unbelievable feeling because, you know, I miss my dad.
9. NaOnka (2/3): I am not a farm person. I don't milk animals. I don't play with animal’s nipples trying to get milk out. But it was okay ‘cause I could say that I touched a-a cow's nipple.
10. Jane (2/4): It worked! He who doesn't fish with me shouldn't get all the riches. I've been up since 5:30 working all day to catch fish. I'm starving. I want me a fish. I'm gonna eat this one I just caught. I think I deserve it. But if I'm going to cook this sucker, I gotta go hide in the woods. I don't know how safe that is at the moment, but I'm going to try.
11. Jane (3/4): They're going to be wondering where I'm at. Never cooked a catfish like this, but I'm starving and I think out of all the fish that I've caught I deserve this one. And I'm not going to take him back to camp and argue with anybody. You know, they sat me out on the last challenge and they lost the food reward. Well, that's my food reward (laughs) for all my hard work. This is the first thing I've done behind anybody's back other than vote for Marty. But I'm going to dig into this thing right now and see if it is done and I don't care if it's black. Bon appétit! (laughs)
12. Holly (1/2): When I saw the food that was prepared on the table-- not eating for 16 days and seeing food, I actually started to shake.
13. Holly (2/2): We take for granted sitting down and having a meal together. We've been together for how many days and the six of us sitting down and being so appreciative of a meal, it was-- it was-- it became very emotional for a lot of us.
14. NaOnka (3/3): Alina's so grimy, she's so grimy and so sneaky. I think she got emotional because she's trying to keep herself in the game but I can put on a show just like Alina. I have been playing a role, we have been getting close, you know? This is all a part of my plan. Next thing you know you're going to be walking away and your torch is put out.
15. Jill (2/2): Losing immunity today for me means that we go to Tribal Council, and the way things are shaping up it looks like the remaining La Flor members want Marty or I gone and being that he has the Immunity Idol it will probably be me.
16. Jane (4/4): Marty and Jill have treated me like I don't exist from Day 1, going all the way back to the Espada tribe. I mean, I really felt like the ugly duckling over there and I know I gained the respect of Brenda, Purple Kelly, Fabio and Sash. So at Tribal Council, I hope Marty goes home. It's still icing on the cake if Jill goes home. (chuckles) I want the cake and I want to eat it, too, and I want both of them gone. (chuckles)
17. Fabio (1/1): Right now, the game plan is put three of our votes on Marty and two on Jill and tell Marty, like, “Bro, you gotta play the idol now.” So he does and then it will be a tie between Jill and whoever Marty and Jill vote. And then on the revote, Jill would end up going home.
18. Brenda (1/1): Tonight, either Marty or Jill is gonna go home. That's the plan. Sash and I are both stuck on what's the right thing to do and we're wondering what if we could be like, super mean, ask Marty for the idol and vote his ass out.
19. Marty (2/3): Right now, I feel absolutely powerless in every way, shape, or form. If I keep the idol, I have to use the idol tonight so… (scoffs) I give Sash the idol and maybe I go home tonight, maybe I don't. I gotta give the idol to somebody so I'm either giving it to Jeff tonight or I'm giving it to Sash.
20. Marty (3/3): I'd rather give it to Sash because maybe if he lives up to his word I would maybe live one more cycle. One more cycle could potentially get me to the merge, and then things are wide open.
21. Sash (2/2): Well, it turns out I don't even have to dig for idols. All I have to do is ask for them. People will literally hand me an idol just because I may or may not keep them in the game a little longer. Marty made a big mistake. That's probably his biggest mistake in the game.
1. Marty (1/7): The vultures are definitely circling and it's dead man walking. It's Day 19, and I can't believe this game has put me where I'm at now. Last night sucked. Jill was an incredible player, a great contender, a lover of the game, and there are some people left that I think have no right to be in this game. So having no Jill, no idol, is total exposure. I don't want to be the next person to go from Survivor. I just gotta do the best that I can and hang on.
2. Marty (2/7): Couldn't have been better news for me as far as I'm concerned. The tribes getting together six on six, I think, is going to be mostly a La Flor jockeying around. These guys are going to be wanted to off one of their own, for sure. There was division before. You know, NaOnka, and Alina, they-they could be in trouble. I'm ecstatic, man. I'm back in the saddle again.
3. Benry (1/1): You know, now that it's becoming more of an individual game and people are gonna start fending for themselves, I-I think I need to do the same. Alina’s... you can see right through her. She burned some bridges early on in the game and she was supposed to go home next when we were the original La Flor. So she's definitely outlasted her expected time in this game and I think everybody agrees it's time for her to go home.
4. NaOnka (1/8): Nobody really was on board with Alina's plan at all, not even uncle Dan. Alina is in this plan by herself, the one-woman army, without her not knowing that she's actually going to be the first one out if she doesn't get the immunity first. She can be G.I. Jane all she wants but she gonna be G.I. Jane by herself with no army, nobody behind her.
5. Alina (1/4): We thought that Marty and Jill were super strong over there. We thought they were, like, running things and it tells us a lot that Jill was voted out.
6. Marty (3/7): Coming back to camp was like rebirth. It really felt like home, sweet home. And I felt like the game is starting all over again, and I've been given a new lease on life.
7. Fabio (1/1): We made it to the merge! And we're gonna feast! You know, we're merging! Ah!
8. Marty (4/7): I kind of dig that I got to author the new name. Libertad really resonated for me personally. It means liberty, and in this case, it can also mean freedom. Freedom from everything that's happened up to this point, and it's a new start.
9. NaOnka (2/8): When we finally opened the treasure chest, that food was yummy to my tummy. The salami, I think, it just dissolved in my mouth. It was so good like my booty. I even snuck some nuts and put it in my bra. I was getting it all, honey, all of it. I-I probably still got some peanuts in my-- (finds a peanut and eats it) still got some peanuts in my pocket.
10. Brenda (1/5): Seeing NaOnka again was the best because I felt like, “Wow, she's real.” Such a relief. You know, I don't have to second guess her, at all. To know that we're back in the game together feels really good.
11. Brenda (2/5): Me and Nay talked about everything that happened. She talked about how Alina has been so shady. You know, I told her everything that happened on the other side.
12. Brenda (3/5): I told her everything. So she knows that with me it's like, 100%.
13. NaOnka (3/8): Brenda is the one that was with me when I found the Hidden Immunity Idol. Sash has the other one. Sash ended up asking Marty for it and like a dummy, Marty gave it to him!
14. Chase (1/1): Jane and I clicked right away. And, um, she's just a good, old lady. She's an awesome lady. She talks with a twang. It just reminded me of home. I’ve been missing home. I’ve been missing my moms. It just, there’s another person from North Carolina here. I love it. I mean, her and I can connect very well.
15. Jane (1/3): And I knew right then and there, you're a North Carolina boy, I'm a North Carolina girl, we're going to hit it-- hit it off really good. And I was talking to Chase about his daddy passing and my husband passing, so I've got a connection with him, with Chase.
16. NaOnka (4/8): It's Day 20, we don't have a whole lot of food left and I woke up this morning very irritable because I woke up and made the tortillas. It was my idea, and the fact that I'm the last to get everything, and I get the smallest tortilla. Like, “Okay, you guys wanna play? Okay, I can play, too.”
17. Holly (1/1): This morning, after we were done eating breakfast, Nay took the flour and she put it in her bag, and she got up and she walked out of camp. And I thought that was a little strange. Why did she just take the flour?
18. NaOnka (5/8): I'm hiding the flour because those tortillas were good and everybody was being stingy and I put a lot of my heart and soul making them things and I even made me a big one just for me and they all took it. They really made me mad. So I'm going to make them mad. Don't play with me in this game. I can play dirty.
19. NaOnka (6/8): I am stealing equipment to make tortillas, and I'm taking (bites into apple) fruit. I've taken bowls, I’m taking spoons. It tastes better when you're stealing it. It's like a sweet victory. Alina, everybody is against her right now. I don't mind being that one person that, you know, tells her a little something-something.
20. Alina (2/4): Every single person that claimed they were gonna be strong six, totally lied. And there I am, the fool that was sitting there like, I really am going to do this to these people.
21. NaOnka (7/8): My reason for telling Alina that you're gonna be the first one out, that's a vote that I'll have guaranteed when she's a part of the jury. So I have to be smart. I want to keep talking to Alina, because I want her to feel safe with me. I want her to know that I have her back even though I kind of don't but I kind of do at the same time. It's like a toss-up.
22. Alina (3/4): Oh, my God. It was so hard to sit there. I mean, it's not like I was free of guilt. Obviously, I'm totally connected with the fact that she did that. Because I knew about it, and I didn't stop her and I didn't tell anybody about it. The reason it was so hard for me to own up to it, everybody might be equally as pissed off as me as they are at NaOnka.
23. Marty (5/7): Stealing, uh, food of all things, in Survivor, you would think that having done what she did, would mean you're gone, like, instantly gone. But anybody that's on the chopping block can be valuable to somebody else. She lied and she stole. How easy is that? Get rid of ‘em. It should be that simple but this game is never simple.
24. Brenda (4/5): It was crazy NaOnka to think of something as ridiculous as stealing the frying pan and bowl and all the stuff to make tortillas, but Alina confessed to being part of it. She's had a target for the longest time, and now on top of all of that, she has this?! Sucks to be Alina right now.
25. Sash (1/2): NaOnka definitely is not one of the favorite people in camp at the moment but that works perfectly into my game plan as having her as one of the final three because that pretty much guarantees her that she's not going to receive any million-dollar votes.
26. Marty (6/7): The more Jane stays in the game, the more complicated the game gets. I think they all see the connections that she’s now made with Chase. I bet you that can't be unwound, the whole Carolina thing and "my momma told me," and all that crap has now infected Chase and it's going to continue to spread like cancerous tentacles through the tribe.
27. Brenda (5/5): Marty has the wrong perception of Jane, But Marty is somebody to-to watch because he is talking to Benry, and Fabio, and Dan and if he wants somebody out so badly, maybe he is already has a really good strategy to get to the end. So maybe it is just good to just get rid of it before we all start getting warped.
28. Jane (2/3): My whole goal today was to beat Marty. I'm just trying to just prove to Marty, “You know what? I may be little. I may be small, but there ain't no way in hell on the individual challenge that you will beat me.” So… (makes fighting face and then laughs)
29. Alina (4/4): I-I needed to win today. Um, I know that I'm in the hot seat, but I'm not the only one that is. I know that Jane hates Marty and she wants to see him gone, and Jane has a lot of numbers on her side, and I happen to be on her side, too. So I'm trying to lay low, and hope that maybe the drama that's going on is not going to revolve around me.
30. NaOnka (8/8): Well, everybody was debating about Marty and Alina, but, uh, Jane really, really wants Marty out. Like, even if we were to just all write down Alina, she will be the one to write down Marty.
31. Jane (3/3): There are a lot of people that want Marty out but it all goes back to Sash making some agreement with Marty when he got him to give the idol to him when he was on the La Flor tribe so he could quote, (air quotes) “gain trust.” Marty’s always a threat. Marty to me is the biggest threat so I'm not voting for Alina, I'm not. Because I don't feel right about voting somebody out that I don't think should be leaving right now.
32. Marty (7/7): Chase is now definitely in my book a moron because you don't go tell someone you're going to blindside somebody if you don’t have at least four or five votes behind you. I mean, you don't even broach the subject.
33. Sash (2/2): Marty has been coming up to me constantly today, almost too much. I think he believes that he's on the chopping block, which only by being more and more paranoid on his part, is he really placing a bigger target on his back. I think, his best move would be to lay low but that's not his style and he's actually digging his own grave at the moment.
1. NaOnka (1/3): Tribal Council is where you need to vent, but I think that tonight’s Tribal, really shook things up. I felt really bad for Jane. Marty, he was going a little too hard on her, you know, like he's throwing punches but she can't block. The only thing she can do is just take it and take it and take it and take it. And I think she did well because if the shoe was on the other foot and it was me, oh, I would have went right back at him and I would’ve hit him real, real, hard. Like, really, really hard.
2. Jane (1/4): The jackass name, Mr. Farty, is going to be his name from now on instead of Marty in my book, is a freakin jackass to try to attack me. I personally don't think he can beat me physically, much less mentally. So I'm still going to play my game the way I'm playing it, but I think he's grasping at straws because he knows his days are numbered.
3. Marty (1/4): It's just frustrating to play a game with people, some people that are just stupid. I feel like I cleared the air last night. I was very, very crystal clear that I think everybody underestimates how dangerous Jane is in this game. But there is no question that I'm potentially in trouble here. I've got a big target on my back so I feel like I need to have a button-down plan between now and next Tribal or they will eliminate me in a heartbeat.
4. Jane (2/4): Marty was trying to poison everybody's opinion of me because he knows he’s-- there's a noose around his neck. He's just waiting for the hatchet man to cut that rope and he's going to be hung. I'm telling you, the man scrambles like nobody I've ever seen. Oh, I’d like take him to the woodshed and whip his ass.
5. Marty (2/4): Chase selecting to stay with the girls, why would you ever do that? It's like watching Chase join Jane was like watching the movie Dumb and Dumber. I-I don't get it.
6. Benry (1/2): Never in a million years did I think I'd be in Nicaragua, zipping across the jungle on a zipline. And I couldn't have asked for a better four guys to be with. It was a day for the boys.
7. Dan (1/1): The first time flying above the Nicaraguan jungle on the zipline, it was okay. You know, there aren't any ziplines in Brooklyn. If there are, you're a burglar.
8. Marty (3/4): It felt incredible, almost symbolically, to be hooked on to a zipline in midair above the youngle enjoying a day off. It was thrilling, exhilarating, and… I felt free.
9. Marty (4/4): The best part of the barbecue is getting a little opportunity to speak to the guys about my strategy and maybe convince them that I'm really good at this game and I can help them in this game.
10. Benry (2/2): Marty is a smart guy. He knows what he's doing. He came up with a pretty solid plan. If properly executed, it’ll definitely ru-ruffle a few feathers.
11. Sash (1/1): The plan Marty put forward makes perfect sense but I believe Brenda and I are the two brightest minds out here and in the end, she and I have the power to send whoever we want home.
12. Brenda (1/4): Chase, I don't think he made a smart move. He should have chosen the guys. Um, he just went with his little emotions, and he didn't want to disappoint North Carolina Jane, and mommy figure Holly, and maybe me. So he went with the girls. Chase doesn't make smart moves. That's his problem.
13. Chase (1/2): Today was a huge reward. It drove me crazy, I mean, I-- that I missed that. But I went with my gut, and I wanted to show the girls they can trust me, and hopefully that will get me further in the game.
14. Chase (2/2): My relationship with Brenda has definitely changed. I'm not sure about Brenda. I'm not sure where her head's at right now. We've been away from each other since, you know, we did the tribal swap and, uh, we don't talk much anymore like we talked when we were back at the old La Flor camp a bunch and now we don’t talk much. And, uh, that could be ‘cause she’s really with Marty. I don’t know why.
15. Brenda (2/4): Chase is a worrywart. "What's going on, Brenda? Are you okay? Are you unsure? You seem unsure? Is every-- I'm freaking out, I'm worried." You know, Chase is like a little baby that's always going wah, wah, wah, wah! One of the things I can't stand is paranoia, and Chase is too paranoid. You could be tall and you could be muscular, but, really, where's all that alpha male power control? It's an illusion.
16. NaOnka (2/3): Chase is always paranoid but see he’s reaching a point where his alliance is sick of him. We might just have to swap you out for somebody else on the other side because your paranoia is getting to be too much.
17. Jane (3/4): Tree Mail showed up, so I'm hoping the Gods up there that we pray to keep the good in and triumph over the evil. There's only one really seriously evil, diabolical person in this game right now, and that's Marty.
18. Jane (4/4): There's a big ol’ target on my back right now after Marty's slanderous outburst the other night. So anybody needs to win, except for Marty.
19. Fabio (1/1): That's the greatest thing about this plan. I don't really have to do a whole lot, and that's a big part of this game, is laying low. You know, I call it being cool. Whatever. Just not ticking people off and, you know, it's a good strategy as far as I'm concerned, you know?
20. NaOnka (3/3): I'm always worried when I go to Tribal. I know that the other alliances are gonna gun for me because I took the flour. But I'm straight from South Central L.A. I have some street smarts and I always follow my intuition but keep in mind that I do have an-an Immunity Idol and if I have to use it for myself to save myself, I will.
21. Brenda (3/4): What Marty said is absolutely true. Jane is a huge threat, and if anybody is thinking of going with her to the final or letting her even get close is a fool ‘cause she would win. I agreed to it. We went along with the plan, but Marty is not running the camp. Sash and I are running the camp.
22. Brenda (4/4): Sash and I are kind of, like, the swing vote. The Marty crew thinks we're with them to blindside Jane and have NaOnka flush out her idol. And then the Jane/Chase crew thinks we're with them to vote out Marty. So tonight is really going to show who we really are with. I like to be in charge, and I kind of am in charge right now. So when it comes down to it, it's really whatever Sash and I want.
1. Brenda (1/4): Tribal Council really showed where the allegiance really is. Benry, Fabio, and Dan now see that Sash and I aren't on their side. And we took out their little leader Marty. And now it's only a matter of time before they go. I think Sash and I being in control does look like a king and queen situation. But Sash is more of a queen and I'm more of a king, the way I look at it.
2. Holly (1/3): Jane and I both have the same feeling that Brenda is basically calling all the shots. So we are totally going to make a power move before next Tribal. I mean, seriously, what do I have to lose? Something has to change, and it has to change soon.
3. Fabio (1/4): This rain is bad, man. The elements out here can really get you. This morning, we woke up, and it looked like it was gonna rain. We all know that it's important that the fire at least stays going. So we moved, like, all of the chests around the fire to protect it from the rain. That's important.
4. Holly (2/3): I've come a long way in this game. Day 5 I was ready to leave, and here I am, sitting here with 14 days left. I'm, like, “My gosh. I could really keep going.” So right now, Jane and I, we're trying to rally a vote against Brenda or Sash.
5. Benry (1/5): Holly absolutely gave me a little bit of a wake-up call this morning. She's got a great plan, actually. And I'm all for it, you know, getting rid of Sash and Brenda is number one on my list right now.
6. NaOnka (1/4): Brenda, she's like my best friend out here, but did I come out here all this way from South Central L.A. to go back home with nothing? No. This is a game and Brenda is a threat. So right now, while we have everybody against her, now is the time to get her out.
7. Chase (1/4): Things are getting a little crazy here at camp. There’s two alliances now, and I personally think it could be the best interest of-- vote Benry out first. I-I still don't trust Benry. Benry is on his last rope. He screwed up when he voted with Marty, plus he's a big physical threat. And as of right now, I don't think Brenda and Sash have lied to me. So I'm stuck in the middle of two alliances again.
8. Holly (3/3): Chase was a little leery about the plan. He was a little concerned about Ben. So I'm keeping my eye on Chase just because Chase, I feel I can trust him, but at this point in the game, he makes me just a little nervous.
9. NaOnka (2/4): I've never been in a helicopter and I never thought that I would even have a passport in this lifetime, let alone be in a helicopter. I'm blown away, blown away.
10. Fabio (2/4): Flying up to the volcano, it was so awesome. I don't think any of us really expected it to be that beautiful.
11. Jane (1/6): We land on this humongous black mountain, and it was almost like you were walking on the moon. You could see steam rising up, and you could just feel the heat coming up between you and the ground.
12. Fabio (3/4): At the challenge, Jeff had mentioned volcano surfing as part of the reward, so we're actually gonna be cruising down the side of this volcano, and I've never even heard of that before. Like, that blew my mind, dude.
13. Jane (2/6): Hey, I'm hanging with the kids now. Oh, just ‘cause I may be a little bit older than ‘em, I'm not afraid to do this. (laughs)
14. Jane (3/6): I loved it. I've ridden one of those electronic bulls, you know, and that's the way it was like, riding a little bull, you know? It was an experience I'll never forget.
15. Benry (2/5): Not only did we lose a Reward Challenge, but we just got back to camp, and pretty much our entire camp just burned down. Oh, my God. This is un-freaking-believable. We're trying to keep this damn fire going here day in and day out. We left and it was raining so we created a little barricade with-with our three chests, wooden chests, one of which had all the rest of our food in it.
16. Dan (1/1): We lost all our machetes, only the blades are left. We had our flour. We had our mangos. There were a couple of tomatoes left. There was an eggplant left. That was all burned down, and now we have ten people with a cup of-- a cup of rice a day. I don't know how we're gonna do it.
17. Benry (3/5): Someone should probably wake me up and tell me that this did not happen. I mean, I guess all we can do is wrangle what we have left and keep it going. But this is a day from hell.
18. Jane (4/6): Reward was awesome! We pigged out. And I mean, everybody put stuff on their plate. I wolfed down a brownie right off the bat. Then hit the banana bread and pizza. And then I sucked down about three glasses of soda. (chuckles) I could’ve cared less what they're doing back at camp because that was heaven.
19. Fabio (4/4): NaOnka pulls me aside and says we gotta work together. We can get Brenda out of here. She's running the show. And I'm thinking, “This is great. It just fell right into my hands and I'm totally going to milk it for all it's worth, you know?” And hopefully, I can stay under the radar and slither through things.
20. NaOnka (3/4): In order to win this game, you must make power moves. You can make a big move that can shift the game in the whole ‘nother direction, but if you make a power move, you're making a move that’s gonna push you forward, and the more you keep making these power moves, everything's just going to fall in line.
21. Chase (2/4): When I got back from the reward, I wanted to talk to Brenda. I just decided to come out and tell her, you know, the plan that the others have. For whatever reason, I trust Brenda. That's all it comes down to is I trust her and… and I put my game plan in her and, you know, there is no reason or rhyme. It's just the simple fact that I trust her.
22. Brenda (2/4): Luckily, I have Chase, who trusts me 1,000%, and he came and told me the whole plan. It is a challenge right now. But I still think that I don't have to do anything crazy to beat them. Like, I'm not even that impressed.
23. NaOnka (4/4): Chase has been running around here like a chicken with his head cut off, telling people's game plans. Lately, he's been so scatter brained and so nervous that I have to flop. I gotta to be smart. I gotta go with Holly and Jane. I gotta go with the people that want to get the strong people out. It's the smart thing to do.
24. Benry (4/5): Chase is crazy. He's been playing with his heart and his emotions this entire game since Day 2. He is being played by Brenda and hopefully, Chase will grow a pair and realize what's good for him.
25. Jane (5/6): I originally trusted Chase, but Chase is sucking up to Brenda like he wants to get in her pants or something. I have no idea what kind of magic spell she's casting over Chase right now, but if that big ol country boy wants to go back on his word, he's going to catch hell when he gets back to Carolina ‘cause Carolina people don't like that.
26. Benry (5/5): Man! I wanted to win so bad! And to get beat by Jane! Props to her. She's got some serious superwoman strength deep inside of her.
27. Jane (6/6): Winning immunity was great. I feel on top of the world right now. I knew if it was anything physically that had to do with my hands, I would do okay, because when you're fighting a dog trying to do their toenails you gotta have a real good grip so I'm really happy right now. And I think, unless she ends up with an idol and plays it, Brenda will go home.
28. Chase (3/4): I personally think we should vote Benry out first. I've been trying to play this game with people I trust, and right now, I don't trust Benry. So I'm trying to protect Brenda, but we may not have the numbers to do it.
29. Sash (1/2): If you would have asked me a few days ago, I'd say that Brenda held a lot of cards in this game. But now, tides have turned a little bit, and this is the first time in the game that I'm starting to worry a little bit.
30. Chase (4/4): I've been playing this game with my heart and not my head a lot of the time, and it absolutely kills me that I might have to vote Brenda out. I don't trust Benry. I don't trust Holly all that much. Dan, I don't really trust him. Nay, I don't trust her anymore. So if Brenda's gone, I'm playing the game with people that I don't really trust. That's a... that's a scary thought.
31. Brenda (3/4): It looks like there is operation “Take Out Brenda” in place. I'm pretty annoyed about it. But I think all I can do is stay cool. The last thing I wanna do is start scrambling. It just shows that you're desperate. So, you know, if I show confidence, my friends have confidence in me. It shows that, “Yeah, I kind of want to stick with Brenda.”
32. Sash (2/2): The idol is definitely something to be used not only to protect yourself but also someone within your alliance. My goal would be to never have to use it at all. However, at Tribal Council, the moment came up where I needed to use it to save Brenda, I'm gonna have to consider very strongly doing that.
33. Brenda (4/4): I'm just furious that NaOnka would make such a dumb move. I thought we had a great alliance. I really believed that we would go to the end. But now, I don't even want to see NaOnka's face. I wanted to take out Benry, but hopefully, Sash is going to give me his Immunity Idol, and we blindside NaOnka.
1. Kelly S (1/4): Brenda leaving the game, like, completely screwed me over. I was just completely left in the dark, and it's, like, thank God I haven't been left in the dark for 28 days because I'd be going (expletive censor) nuts. Having NaOnka, Chase, and Sash turn on me put me at the bottom of the totem pole of any alliance I were to be a part of.
2. NaOnka (1/5): Tonight at Tribal, Brenda showed her ass. She literally threw me under the bus and ran over me forward and backwards and then had the nerve to write my name down. Do I look like Boo Boo The Fool? You thought that you were making me look bad? Bitch, you made me look good. And I'm not afraid of nothing. Nobody intimidates me here. If anything, I intimidate them because people are-are afraid of the words that I'll use when I go off on ‘em.
3. Chase (1/3): From now, my four alliance is, um, Holly, Jane, and NaOnka. And hopefully, I go through Sash, Purple Kelly and Fabio, but this game ain't seemed to work like that so far, so I'm expecting something to change, I'm sure.
4. Jane (1/2): We woke up and rain had set in. I mean, it's just a deluge. And what was our nice little pond is now a raging river. Hopefully, this is going to let up ‘cause this makes camp life miserable.
5. NaOnka (2/5): As it rains and it pours, it makes me feel like crap. I am anemic, so when I get cold, my joints, they get stuck and they hurt. They, like, they-they freeze. It's the end of the game, and... I'm-I'm just trying, I'm trying, I'm trying.
6. Kelly S (2/4): (tearfully) I keep trying to tell myself anything I can just to stay in the game, just get through it day by day. I just don't know, like, physically, how much longer I can put up with this.
7. Fabio (1/3): The elements are definitely a factor out here. I mean, sometimes it’ll rain for four or five hours, you know, our tarp was obviously burned. It was coming in the front. It was cold. You just have to, you have to, like, find a mental happy place and you just gotta say, "This is temporary. I can deal with it."
8. Benry (1/2): It looks like we could be losing a couple. And I'm sitting back, like, “Hey, we're in the freaking rainforest.” I mean, come on, you know? Four hours of rain, and you're going to quit that easily? You don't belong here. So, you know, go ahead and pack your bags and get out, for all I care.
9. Chase (2/3): NaOnka gave me the idol because she thinks I can do well with it, I guess, and, uh, hopefully it’ll help me out in the long run. If NaOnka doesn't quit, then I'm still not going to give her the idol back.
10. Jane (2/2): If Purple Kelly and NaOnka decide to leave, I think we still have a four-way alliance between Sash, Holly, Chase, and me, so that only leaves the other three people on their own, and if we keep four strong, we can vote them out.
11. Sash (1/1): I do not trust Chase, Holly, and Jane as much as I do Purple Kelly and NaOnka because they're the two that I'm closest with at Libertad. So the person that does not benefit the most is me. It crossed my mind to team up with Benry, Fabio, and Dan, but I-I absolutely wish NaOnka and Purple Kelly would stay.
12. NaOnka (3/5): Every time we go to challenge, I'm not gonna just be mediocre because I'm ready to go. I'm still going to go 100%. I'm not gonna let my team down.
13. Holly (1/2): After I stood up and I took the rice and the tarp, I turned and I looked at NaOnka, and I gave her a look like, "I can't believe that you didn't step up after you are leaving." It told me right then and there I misjudged NaOnka's personality. I misjudged the person that she really was.
14. Fabio (2/3): After the challenge today, Holly stepped up and said, "You know what? I'll forfeit my reward for tarp and rice and I can eat hot dogs whenever." And I-- it was a pretty cool gesture, you know? Holly is a genuine person. She likes doing nice things for people. It was great for me. I wasn't going on the reward anyways. So now we just got extra rice and an extra tarp.
15. Kelly S (3/4): Holly bringing in the tarp and the rice definitely gives me hope but from the mom's point of view she says, "Suck it up. You only have a few more days." But it's like, I've been sucking it up for 28 days. There is-- I have nothing left to suck.
16. Holly (2/2): On Day 5, when I wanted to leave, Jimmy Johnson said to me, "You know, if you stick this out, even if you make it 10 days, think of how proud your husband and your children are going to be of you." And that-that hit me like a wall. And I'm like, "I'm staying." Am I hungry? I'm starving! But I'm looking towards the end. And by me not quitting, I hope that I'm going to be an inspiration for my children the rest of their lives.
17. Dan (1/1): Walk into this little grass hut and frankfurters are cooking, there was pop-- uh, fresh popped popcorn, there was every kind of chocolate candy that you wanted. Everything and-- so it was great. It was super.
18. Chase (3/3): I thought it was extremely selfish of NaOnka to opt out of the game and to then choose to still go on the reward. I mean, go home, get a little bit of rice, and you know you're going to eat well because you're done. And that's what NaOnka should have done.
19. NaOnka (4/5): I wasn't about to step down because I didn't give 110% in that challenge to say, "Okay, well, you know, I'm about to go home anyway, so... I guess I'll go ahead and get you guys the rice and the tarp." Uh-uh! I wasn't about to do that. I'm no fool.
20. Benry (2/2): We had some fun and, you know, we were laughing, but, you know, NaOnka definitely concerns me a little bit. The whole time I was just thinking, you know, “Please leave. Please leave. Get out of this game and make it a little bit easier for me.”
21. NaOnka (5/5): We're going to Tribal Council tonight. And it feels good, you know, to have this-this energy. And I just feed off that energy and it just makes me feel explosive. It made me realize that I have to put everything into perspective. If I stayed, then I could win a million dollars.
22. Fabio (3/3): I wanna win. Quitting has not crossed my mind. We're going to Tribal Council tonight which automatically is not fun, you know? And Purple Kelly and NaOnka are going to decide if they want to go home. So we'll see. Uh, it's going to be interesting.
23. Kelly S (4/4): Anything can happen tonight. Nothing is set. And I think that's the scariest part. The tarp and the rice cannot really get me through the next 11 days. I'd like to think that it can. But I just need to really think about it. Definitely the hardest Tribal Council for me. The decision is not going to be final until I'm either walking back out with my torch or leaving.
1. Holly (1/2): Tonight we had a Tribal Council, and NaOnka and Kelly decided to quit. Twenty people out of how many people are given this opportunity, and 11 days left, and they walk out. Unbelievable!
2. Sash (1/7): For everyone in the tribe, losing two was a huge plus. Probably the person that did not benefit the most was me because Chase, he's aligned tightly with Holly and Jane, and then on the other side of the spectrum is Dan, Fabio and Benry, who have also formed a close alliance. Now, I have a Hidden Immunity Idol, so I still think the odds are in my favor to try and make a run for it, but it’s going to be more difficult than what I thought.
3. Sash (2/7): Right now it's an individual game. So I really have to do what's best for me. I'm a swing vote. No matter who I align with, I know I'm going to be the number-four man, so pretty much make me your best offer and I'll decide then.
4. Sash (3/7): I really need a reward right now, especially some food. I’m literally starving, and aside from Holly, I've gone the longest without a food reward recently, so I'm keeping my fingers crossed that there's some food on the horizon.
5. Sash (4/7): Chase actually said to me next reward if he wins it, he's going to take me on it. But right now, it could go either way. Chase knows I have an Idol, so for him to make that risky of a move when he probably already has Jane’s vote locked up is incredibly stupid.
6. Sash (5/7): With Chase choosing Jane and Holly to go on the reward, he was not only probably making one of the dumbest moves in the game thus far by leaving me, who is really a wild card, back at camp to possibly maneuver myself with the other alliance, being, uh, Benry, Fabio and Dan.
7. Dan (1/1): We tried to get Sash back in with us, and, uh, we approached him and he said, “I'm with you guys, I'm with you guys, I'm with you guys if you will. I'm with you guys, I’m with you guys.” But, uh, people don't trust Sash, and they're crazy if they do after what he did to his own right-hand girl. After what he did to Brenda and after what he did to Marty. But, uh, if Sash goes with Chase and the two ladies, they have four. We only have three. So I have no choice but to trust Sash.
8. Jane (1/5): Chase won, and I was so much praying that Chase would pick me. The way the little tiki hut was built was really cool ‘cause we had a little outside bathroom amenities.
9. Jane (2/5): I mean, it was just awesome.
10. Holly (2/2): Chase picked Jane and me to go on the reward, leaving Sash behind. I just kind of went, (facepalms) “Oh, no.” And I thought he made the wrong choice.
11. Chase (1/3): You know, I-I've been a little flighty throughout the game, not making decisions and sticking with them, which could come back to hurt me. It's-it’s mistakes that I'm making. I don't need to be doing that too much because then people stop trusting me. Now Sash is back at camp with Benry, Fabio and Dan and that's terrible. They could forge one up and pick us off one by one. I gotta get back to camp tomorrow and figure out where Sash's head is at and that's all I can do. I'm going to enjoy this reward while I'm here and try to do damage control tomorrow.
12. Benry (1/6): Not only are Holly and Chase a big threat to Sash, nobody wants to go to the final three with Jane anyway. So I think if Sash were smart, he'd make the right decision, jump on board us with and take himself a lot further in this game.
13. Benry (2/6): I think that alliances were pretty defined today and we can really use Sash to our advantage in this game. But, uh, I'm not going to take any chances, though. You know, that kid’s been shifty this entire game and-and hasn’t really been able to make up his mind. So I have a feeling he's still in the same boat and something tells me he's a lot closer to Holly, Jane and Chase, um, you know, than Dan, Fabio and I.
14. Jane (3/5): Anyway, I found out when I got back they did kill the chicken, so I made her a little memorial over there and made her a little cross. I made a little heart shape out of the little shells from the, uh, hermit crabs that I made and... told a little prayer and cried over her and went down to the beach and was sad for a little bit. You know, I knew it was going to happen, but had I not won that Reward Challenge, I was going to take her down in the woods and run with her and hide. (laughs)
15. Chase (2/3): Yeah, it was an unbelievable mistake that I made. I left Sash back at camp, the person I could trust least back at camp with three other guys that are waiting to pounce on ‘im. I was just, I couldn't help it. Damn, they're all talking to him. I knew they were talking to him. If Sash goes with them, then it's going to be me, Holly and Jane fighting for our lives and it's going to be hell. It's going to be a fight to the finish if Sash goes with them.
16. Benry (3/6): Chase, Holly and Jane got back from their reward, and, uh, you know, it sounds like they had a great time, but I'm nervous. I'm nervous. There's a lot of variables that could play into this right now that are pretty dangerous just in terms of my name being brought up, um, on the chopping block just because, you know, I'm not really sure where I stand right now. And I'm definitely a physical threat, as well.
17. Chase (3/3): I haven't trusted Benry this entire game. I think Dan, Ben and Fabio are gunning for Jane, but I think they're also-- they’re definitely gunning for me, as well. So I'm definitely worried that Sash would leave us and go with those guys, but I'm gonna try to do my damn best to make sure he feels real good with our crew.
18. Benry (4/6): You know, it was originally me, Dan, Fabio and Sash that were going to go in and pick these guys off one by one, Holly, Jane and Chase. But, uh, you can't trust Sash. I don't trust Sash. But I have a pretty good relationship with mama Holly, and Chase is my boy since Day 1. Um, you know, so we'll see if I can end up confiding in them and-and creating myself a new alliance. So, uh, I definite-- I definitely, you know, I found a way to save my ass.
19. Benry (5/6): I came over and I talked to, uh, Chase and Holly for a little bit, and, uh, you know, they-they have no problem voting out Fabio. I'm not sure if they're beating around the bush, if they were talking about me when I was walking up. Sash was in on the conversation, as well, and, uh, you know, I sa-- I let him know that as long as I'm not going home, you know, I really don't have a problem voting Fabio out. I know it’d be breaking up my alliance a little bit, but, uh, it's amazing. It's, uh, it’s crazy what a couple hours can do around camp.
20. Sash (6/7): Pulled out the win today and it feels great. Right now, I'm a triple threat: individual Immunity, the Hidden Immunity Idol, and I'm in the majority alliance. So at this point I'm in complete control and can't wait for Final Tribal Council to win my million. Most of the challenges I've been sandbagging, going maybe 70, 80%, and now I look at people like Benry and Fabio, who have been going 110% every challenge, and the reason why they probably won't make it to the final is because they are a physical threat to win the Final Immunity Challenge.
21. Fabio (1/2): My instincts tell me that Sash is still a bit of a swing vote, you know, but he's closer to me than anybody on the tribe, so if he's in the middle of a swing vote and it's my name on the other side, he's gonna tell me, I feel like. I feel like just sitting back right now, and being cool is part of it, you know? We'll see, though. You know, it's hard-- it’s hard to tell, and... we'll see, man.
22. Sash (7/7): Right now, Chase and I are stringing along Fabio, Benry and Dan into thinking different things of who is going home tonight. Right now, the two names on the chopping block are Fabio and Benry. So they really have no idea what's going on. I'm going to keep them guessing until I feel like telling them, or not telling them.
23. Benry (6/6): You know, I-I feel guilty for lying, but as long as it's not me going home next and everybody agrees that, you know, they'll vote off Fabio, I think it’ll be pretty simple to pitch to Fabio that, you know, we want to get Holly out of here. And, uh, I don't think he'll buy the whole Jane thing just in terms of, you know, Chase and Jane being so close. So as long as I'm not going home tonight, you know, I'll do whatever it takes to-to stay here for one more night.
24. Fabio (2/2): Yeah, I was feeling a little worried earlier. Um, I wasn't sure if my name was being thrown around or this and that. If it made sense for them to want to get me out, I thought, so I feel good about getting Holly out, you know? I think-- I think she's overstayed her welcome almost. She's getting a little bit… I just-- I'm ready for her to go.
25. Jane (4/5): I feel real good ‘cause I think our four-way alliance is going to stay strong and hopefully our four, which is Chase, Holly, Sash and me will be in the final four.
26. Jane (5/5): I really and truly think Sash has a great heart and Sash is not going to go with them. Sash is guaranteed final four with us. I mean, we're not going to vote him out. Fabio and Benry have been a physical threat since Day 1. Always have, always will. So either Benry or Fabio is going home tonight. Holly, Chase and I, I mean, we never planned this in the beginning. We just came together and ended up meshing. And it's like spokes on a wheel. We're-we’re just turning the clock right now. Turning the clock. And hopefully we'll get to pick them off one by one because that's what they planned to do to us.
1. Sash (1/2): Fabio is just happy to be alive. He saw his name was put down twice. He really thought he was going home. He knows that I'm in control of this game right now, and, uh, as long as Fabio doesn't win a challenge, he will definitely be the next to go.
2. Fabio (1/5): You know, the next couple of days are going to be really tricky. I think they believe I'm more gullible and naive than I am, you know? But it's to the point where I'm on, like, high alert right now. It’d be pretty funny to watch them underestimate me and they're kind of like, "What? I didn't know Fabio was that smart."
3. Chase (1/6): We're playing a game for a million dollars, and something as simple as a Sprint cell phone can bring you-- bring you to tears.
4. Chase (2/6): It’s very interesting to see how everyone reacted to their own family ‘cause it makes you realize you're playing this game with-with people, not just other competitors. And, uh, they miss their family just as much as I do.
5. Fabio (2/5): I know that my family is, like, number one and being out here is really given me time to think about that. But actually seeing the video, it-it really got me, man. My mom always says the perfect thing, man. She told me exactly what I needed to know, and… (sobs) I just want to see my family, man. I really do.
6. Fabio (3/5): I-I was really let down by Chase because we had been talking about, you know, having our moms and this one reward, and he knew how much my mom meant to me and I knew how much his mom meant to him and I was really planning on taking him. So I kind of got played there. He straight up lied to me.
7. Dan (1/1): Chase won the challenge and, uh, he really did a bad thing to Jane. He really let her down. Just shows you what a (expletive censor) he is. You know, he's been her friend, and then he just spits in her face today. It was disgusting.
8. Jane (1/2): I got mad at Chase for not picking me. Where I stand right now, it appears that I'm the fourth person in a four-way alliance, and that worries me.
9. Holly (1/2): I'm assuming that we are not going to have any more food challenges and we're going to be here the next four days without food. So I needed that to get some of my energy back.
10. Chase (3/6): I had to choose, really, between Holly, Jane and Fabio. We all want Fabio gone next ‘cause he can ruin our plan. Fabio is very emotional but I want to keep Holly close. I want to make sure that she can help me get to the end so hopefully it doesn't bite me in the butt with jury votes if I get that far.
11. Holly (2/2): It was unbelievable spending the afternoon with Charlie. Him just holding me in his arms, it just felt amazing. I-I will never look at a hug from Charlie the same.
12. Chase (4/6): I wanted to let loose and, you know, let my mom know I'm doing okay, have a good time with her, once in a lifetime experience. But in the back of my mind I was sitting there saying, “Damn, I gotta go back to camp and face wrath.”
13. Chase (5/6): Sash and Holly and I just got back from reward, and, um, immediately Fabio wants to know what the hell happened, why I didn't take him?
14. Fabio (4/5): I guess we'll move on. You can't hold grudges out here. You can't be super ticked off at somebody ‘cause it’ll come back to get you. So I think the best thing I could do is just try to win immunity.
15. Sash (2/2): The only thing that could’ve screwed up today's Immunity Challenge was Fabio winning immunity, and of course, Fabio wins immunity. Now we're stuck in a tight spot because we really wanted the biggest threat to go home, being Fabio. So now we have to decide what our next move is.
16. Fabio (5/5): Chase the whole time has said, “Yeah, I know Jane has to go. I know Jane has to go.” And now when it's actually time to do it, he's all thinking about it, and you-you can tell he doesn't want to let her go, and it's like, dude, if he , like, doesn't vote her out or something it could go down as his worst decision.
17. Chase (6/6): I don't want to write Jane's name down. I want to keep Jane around to the final four and then beat her at the final four. But, uh, now Sash and Holly don't think that's a good idea, so they're going back on it. But I've got a little bit of time. I'm not-- I’m still not sure on it. I don't know if this is right or not.
18. Jane (2/2): (tearfully) My alliance have turned on me and I'm supposed to go home tonight. And it was supposed to be the final four us. That was the game plan the whole time. So they're obviously flippers. They're liars. They're cheats. They're backstabbers. I'm most disappointed in my Carolina home boy, Chase. If I was Chase, I wouldn't show my ass back in North Carolina. I told Sash "Don't even (expletive censor) look at me," and try to pat me on the back like, "Oh, I'm sorry, Jane." No. And if he wants to try to compare me to his momma, uh-uh. I didn't raise my daughter to be a liar and a cutthroat. But she raised a damn liar. I've not stabbed anybody in the back in this whole game. So I am proud of the way I played this game. (sighs) I got a little bit of thinking to do tonight prior to Tribal Council ‘cause I'm not going to give you up. But… the wrath of Jane will break out tonight.
1. Fabio (1/14): After last night's Tribal Council, realizing that Sash, Holly, and Chase are pretty tight, you know, I definitely think it's in my best interest to break them up.
2. Fabio (2/14): I'm not very comfortable going to Tribal Council without a necklace right now. But I gotta be cool right now. I can't let on that I'm playing the game.
3. Sash (1/9): Fabio is definitely a little bit on edge, which he should be, if I was in his shoes, I would be as well. But there's a very good chance Fabio could make an immunity run and go all the way to the end. So you better believe that I'm telling Fabio what he wants to hear.
4. Sash (2/9): If you only have one clear-cut strategy in Survivor, chances are you're not going to make it all the way to the end. I'm trying to find as many avenues to make the final three as possible, so if that means making promises to every single person left on my tribe, that's what I'm going to do.
5. Chase (1/7): We got a big challenge coming up, and we're gunning for Fabio. Fabio is a huge physical threat and he can win his way to the end, and, uh, he's been winning immunities. He won the last one, and if Fabio loses the next immunity, he's going home tonight.
6. Holly (1/4): Fabio winning immunity today definitely put a monkey wrench in our plan. We were hoping that he would lose so we could get rid of him. But tonight I'm hoping it's an easy vote and we're going to vote Dan.
7. Fabio (3/14): I won again! It was awesome, man. Going into it, I knew that if I didn't win, I was not safe. But I got my necklace, and I'm loving it, man. I've always known that I was gonna wait to the last minute to be aggressive. I chose to just follow people, go with their plan. Right now, I've got to figure things out and swing ‘em my way, and my number one plan would be to talk to Chase and Sash to get Holly out first.
8. Chase (2/7): For me, whoever won today between Fabio and Dan, the other one would go home, so that was just kind of a easy decision when we got back from camp. Me, personally, I think that Dan is less of a threat than Holly, but… I've been so close with her it would be tough for me to, you know, vote out Holly. That’d be a tough task.
9. Dan (1/1): My job is to paint Holly as a bigger threat than me. I'd like to convince Sash that we should get rid of Holly. That would be the optimum. It's not going to be easy but that's what I'm going to try and do.
10. Fabio (4/14): I'm gonna have to try to make a case for Dan not being the biggest threat, and the best person for me to do that with is Sash. I gotta have a one-on-one, me and Sash, without Chase coming up and saying, "What are you guys talking about?" Because he does that and it's annoying!
11. Sash (3/9): Fabio brought up a lot of good points. People are probably giving Dan a little too much credit for being a threat, but Holly is a threat because she's the only woman left in the game and there’s quite a few women on the jury. Not only that, Holly could get all the votes from all the former Espada members. At this point in the game, it's transition from an alliance type game to an individual game, and everyone is trying to look out for themselves. And I am as well.
12. Holly (2/4): I have a feeling that Dan and Fabio are telling Sash and Chase that I'm a huge threat, that they need to get rid of me. Am I concerned at this point? Absolutely. But I just have to trust in my alliance and hope that tonight my name isn't written down.
13. Fabio (5/14): Tonight at Tribal Council, you know, I felt comfortable because I had the necklace around my neck. And tomorrow night, for me to, uh, feel secure, I'm gonna have to have the Immunity Necklace again because I really don't know what's going through Chase and Sash's mind at this point.
14. Sash (4/9): Everything at the moment is going according to plan. I love how things are playing out because right now, I truly believe that every single person left will take me to the end, no matter who wins the Final Immunity Challenge. Fabio wants to take me and he believes that I will also take him, but if Fabio loses, he'll be going home because he's the biggest threat to my endgame.
15. Holly (3/4): We have our Final Immunity Challenge today and if Fabio does not win individual immunity, he will be the next to go. And Sash, Chase, and I will go to the top three. But if Fabio wins, we will have to turn on our own, and, um, it’ll be very interesting to see what happens.
16. Chase (3/7): I don't like the lying part at all to this game, but Holly, Sash, and I have that alliance, we're pretty strong, and, uh, Fabio could be breaking that up if he wins another immunity. You know, it could be a million dollar challenge for me, so, um… I'm definitely going to put pressure on myself and try to win that thing.
17. Holly (4/4): Going on the Rites of Passage, I have a huge responsibility. I'm the last one left from the Espada tribe and I truly want to show my dedication to all the people that I started this game with, whether they were the first one voted out or they were just recently voted out. It is a huge responsibility, and it is an absolute honor.
18. Fabio (6/14): It feels good to have gotten this far. It's kind of a big deal, man. It's an accomplishment, you know? And now I've just got to be thinking of this next challenge and how the million dollars is actually on the line this time. It feels good to even be in a position to compete in something like that.
19. Fabio (7/14): I'm loving this, man! I mean, I won the Final Immunity Challenge, and I get to come back to camp and watch the three of them gotta plead their case for why I should take them to the final three. Of course Sash and Chase and Holly are all nervous, panicky people anyway. So it's going to be fun watching them sweat about this one. I'm just going to let it play out.
20. Sash (5/9): I thought we had a perfect plan of attack to make it all the way to the final three, and somehow, Fabio pulls off three Immunity Challenges in a row. So it's a big disaster for my alliance. Right now, I'm as desperate as I've been this entire game. And anything I can do to try and convince Fabio that I should be in the final three with him, I'll do.
21. Chase (4/7): I'm pissed that Sash was trying to go behind my back and trying to get me out. We promised to each other, Sash and I did, that we wouldn't go after each other and he comes after me like that and starts talking about me me behind my back? That pissed me off. Sash will do whatever it takes to get himself further in the game. I always kind of thought maybe he’s that, but now after Fabio said that, he's definitely a snake.
22. Fabio (8/14): I’ve had this feeling about Sash the whole time that he’s willing to tell anybody anything and it gets to me, you know? But at the same time, look at the position I'm in, and I'm just laughing like, “Dude, I can see right through you, and you don't think I can.” And I go back to Chase, and I tell him, and he's immediately selling Sash out to me. It's almost like, if I just walked into a kitchen, turned the lights on and all these little cockroaches are trying to scramble to get out of the way and to throw somebody else under the bus, you know?
23. Fabio (9/14): Sash and Chase have lied to me the whole time saying we would go to the final three together. And now I really feel like I almost don't want to take either of ‘em. Holly's actually the only one that hasn't lied or done anything to me.
24. Fabio (10/14): I feel like Holly has played a pretty good game and she does deserve to go to the final three, but then again, she might deserve jury votes, too. So I've got a big decision to make on who I want to take and is it going to cost me a million dollars or not? So my head's definitely spinning, you know, at this point.
25. Fabio (11/14): On a scale of one to ten, I am about a ten right now. It took me 38 days to finally get into a powerful position but now I'm finally here. Tonight, I brought the heat a little bit, kind of set the stage, because putting Sash against Chase lets the jury know that I really am aware of what's going on. I still feel like I have a bit more to say tomorrow night and, uh, I think the jury is going to be receptive to it.
26. Chase (5/7): We all kind of fought for our lives tonight, and it was almost like we were fighting for our lives and Fabio could say whatever he wanted to. But guns will be blazing tomorrow. I'm-I’m excited to, you know, bring my thoughts tomorrow now that I know I'm safe.
27. Sash (6/9): I got called out on pretty much everything in this game from not keeping alliances, to flip-flopping, to switching votes around, and between being unsure whether or not I was going home tonight and being called out, it was really a double whammy for me.
28. Sash (7/9): Fabio and Chase, I really don't think they deserve to be in the final three because I really do feel as though I've played the best strategic game.
29. Fabio (12/14): Sash goes, "I'd be honored for you guys to be my wingmen." I was like, "Sash, dude, you can take a backseat. I want you to take notes on how this is going to go ‘cause it's gonna be fun.”
30. Fabio (13/14): Day 39, man. This has been an awesome journey. And I loved every part of it, you know? I've envisioned this day for a long time, and now it's actually here. And, uh, this is probably the most important day of my life.
31. Sash (8/9): You know, out here we're literally starving, and the Day 39 breakfast is such a special treat. To wake up, have everything presented in front of me is just overwhelming to all the senses and the food just heightens that great feeling you have from within. Tonight I go to battle with Chase and Fabio to try and win the title of Sole Survivor and the million dollars. But they've also been allies of mine, which have helped me get to where I'm at today, so we're best of friends and worst of enemies.
32. Chase (6/7): There's a lot of talk about us being happy, being together. I mean, I'm happy to be with these guys. I'm happy to be final three, but for me it's completely false. I'm still working the game right now trying to figure out how I'm gonna beat these guys. I keep telling Fabio that, you know, I think that he's gonna win and congratulations and all this stuff, but in my mind I'm still trying to beat him and I-I-I wanna get it in his head that he thinks he's got it and get him a little bit over-confident. If I can get him a little over-confident, that can help me.
33. Fabio (14/14): It's time to shift gears and focus on tonight's Tribal Council because if you're not completely in it to win it tonight, you're going to miss your chance at a million dollars, and those are the largest stakes I've ever played for. So, I'm going to go into this last Tribal Council swinging.
34. Sash (9/9): I'm definitely nervous about facing the jury tonight because I’ve done a lot of backstabbing. I've made a lot of alliances that I wasn't able to keep. So I'm going to the Final Tribal Council tonight hoping to put everything out on the table and be 100% truthful because I think that's the only way I'm going to have an opportunity to win their vote.
35. Chase (7/7): Tonight, I am the underdog going in. I mean, I've got to pull off an upset. I think the main differences in mine and Fabio's game was that I actually did have relationships with these people. But I think that could help me, definitely. And I think I played a better game than Sash. I had a huge target on my back from the beginning as a physical threat and I'm still here at the end. Obviously, that means I did something right. So I'm going into Tribal Council tonight like it is a battle because I didn't come out here playing for second place in this game.
