1. Peter (1/3): Being an ER doctor, it’s gonna be difficult for me to not show how smart I am, to express humility, but I can’t deal with ignorant people ‘cause they think they know what they’re talking about.
2. Debbie (1/4): This game is largely a brain game, and in these challenges I am going to kick ass. Because, puzzles lay down for me like lovers.
3. Scot (1/5): I am a former professional basketball player. I was the guy that did all the things nobody else wanted to do. I'd go knock people on the ground, I'd push people out of the way, I did it better than most guys. People I'm gonna get along with are guys that are strong, and if you show weakness, bye-bye! (cackles maniacally)
4. Jason (1/5): My bread and butter has always been bounty hunting. You kick in the door, you raid the house, you snatch the guy up, hog-tie him like a pig, throw him in the back of your truck and take off. I don't care, I just need to get my paycheck, and you're my paycheck.
5. Anna (1/6): I do try and use my looks to my advantage in poker. If I feel like a male is staring at my boobs, I might push them up a little more.
6. Nick (1/3): My life has definitely been easier because I'm better looking than most people. And that sounds terrible, it sounds awful, but it's the truth. My looks will definitely help me. 39 days and a million bucks in my pocket at the end.
7. Caleb (1/3): People will probably recognize me from Big Brother, but being an outdoorsman, this game is totally for me. I don't mind gettin' dirty at all.
8. Joe (1/2): It's very hectic out here. I'm a retired FBI agent, and of course there've been times within the FBI when you've had those kind of cases where everything’s going a mile a minute. But this to me is going to be the ultimate challenge, so I'm pumped for this. This is the real deal for me.
9. Tai (1/6): I'm, like, running around like crazy. I'm protecting the chicken because I-I-I love all living creature.
10. Cydney (1/3): Paddling in and looking around at my Brawn tribe, it feels like home. The majority of my life is about being strong, whether it’s physically or mentally, it’s about being strong.
11. Jason (2/5): On the Brawn tribe, it’s going to be a lot of people that think they’re the greatest. I did six years in the ARMY. I don’t need to prove to you I’m badass. A lot of people find me intimidating. They judge me because of how I look. They don’t realize that I’ve got two daughters and my youngest has autism. Like, I’ll be the girlie-girl dad, and then I also teach them how to be a badass.
12. Alecia (1/4): People might look at me and be like, “Oh, Malibu Barbie, you know, she’s not going to be in here long,” but I’m a lot tougher than they would think. I’ve been bungee jumping in Bali, I’ve been face-to-face shark diving in Australia, I’ve been with three giant uncaged tigers in Thailand. I’m fearless, I’m daring, I’m opinionated. This is something that I know I can do.
13. Scot (2/5): I think all of us have a very similar mindset. We’re not beautiful, we’re not smart, but we are strong. And I feel lucky right now. I know that things change in this game really quickly. The same thing that makes you laugh makes you cry, but right now, I think we’ve got a great group.
14. Liz (1/4): The Brain tribe is definitely my tribe. That’s the attribute that I actually think is valuable because we are able to look for new approaches and slightly different ways of thinking through the problems. So we’re off to an immediate advantage.
15. Peter (2/3): Being called Obama is part of my daily life. It’s been like that for the last seven years. If Debbie calls me Obama, I guarantee you, everyone else is calling me Obama. That being said, if they feel better getting crushed by Obama, so be it.
16. Debbie (2/4): I'm a chemist but I've been a photonics manufacturing supervisor, an electronics expert, a bartender, caretaker to nuns, and between jobs, I fill in at Red Lobster as a server. So at forty-nine, I bring a lot of worldly experience with me.
17. Neal (1/5): I have my own ice cream business, and I think people think that I’m a dandy in ice cream pants. I think they don’t know quite what to make of me. I’m quirky, and incorrigible, and eccentric, but Debbie has a whole different level of craziness.
18. Neal (2/5): Supposedly, Debbie has started fire this way many a times. Nobody else made any warranties about their ability to be the savior of this tribe. Somebody that says she’s a fire expert and then comes onto the beach and when it’s really clutch time and they really need to make fire for their tribe can’t do it, is a big concern.
19. Neal (3/5): Looking back at past seasons, it seems like the really smart folks always have some form of kryptonite, so I’m a little concerned about being on the Brain tribe. It might be a complete and utter madness.
20. Nick (2/3): Life, without a doubt, is beautiful. Our tribe is beautiful, we’re feeling beautiful, the island is beautiful. I mean, we’re all excited, we’re all happy, we’re all smiles, and we work well together around camp. Right now, nothing can go wrong.
21. Tai (2/6): Why am I here?! You know, look at me, I’m bald, you know, big head, bald, big ears, you know, skinny little body. I don’t belong here. Uh, I’m just thinking, “My God! When I go home, people say, Huh?! They made a mistake. Why (chuckles) they putting you on the Beauty tribe?,” especially my boyfriend or somebody. But, yeah, I think my personality can come out. We all have beautiful inside and outside.
22. Michele (1/2): Being a bartender is an extremely social job. You learn that personality types want certain things from you, so I was like, “Okay, who-who looks like I would get along with them?” There’s Tai, he’s freaking always moving. He’s like a whirlwind. Caleb is super strong. And Nick, you know, the tall, dreamy guy. Of course, I was like, “Oh! He’s on my tribe?” I get to spend a lot of time with him and he gets to see me disgustingly dirty… wonderful. (laughs) So I decided to build the relationship with the girls. You know, you’re inclined to kind of go with the girls, weave palm fronds, braid each other’s hair, whatever. Girls kind of go with girls and so that alliance felt really natural to me.
23. Caleb (2/3): I’m looking around at my Beauty tribe and I’m sitting here kind of wondering to myself, “Why in the world is Tai on this tribe?” Fifty, sixty year-old Asian guy that’s got eyebrows, like, three or four inches long. Dude’s got Mr. Miyagi glasses. Like, I don’t understand. Like, maybe there’s a lot more to him than what people really see.
24. Tai (3/6): I love all living creature, especially the plant. As a gardener, it hurts me when I see people cut off branches and thinks, like, you know, it’s just like an arm. You cut it off, it cannot grow back the same way. And sometimes I could be really, uh, strong about it. But this is Survivor. I’ve got to be smart about how I say it.
25. Tai (4/6): I’m from Vietnam. I lived through the war and I survived. And we left Vietnam by boat in 1979, two hundred sixty-two people were on a twenty-- twenty-six meter boat. We’re just sitting there like (gestures fetal position) this for, like, uh, for eleven days without no food, no food, just a little bit of water, and we just float and float and float. And we get-- we end up on this refugee camp really close to here, a whole year, and then we come to America. So throughout my life, that’s a lot of things I survived through and I think I have an advantage because adventure just excites me. You know, I can’t sit still! This is Survivor. It’s a once in a lifetime. I’m loving it.
26. Jason (3/5): It’s a harsh sun. My shoulders are fried. My shins are fried. Sunburn hurts, you know? But I give it my all, work physically hard first and start thinking about it as you’re going along. It’s just the type of person I am.
27. Jason (4/5): Blondie -- I haven’t even learned her name -- call her Blondie… I have zero faith in that girl. She doesn’t do anything. To me, she’s at the bottom. I have no sympathy for her. I got my own wife and kids to worry about.
28. Jason (5/5): The truth is I want as many alliances as possible. In my eyes, these alliances are only truthful when I need ‘em. Potentially, they could all be truthful in a way. Every single one of them could be bull. I’ll make that decision as I need to make it.
29. Darnell (1/4): Growing up in Chicago, it was pretty tough. There’s a lot of stuff that I’ve learned, and I’m going to bring those instincts into this game. I use my gut.
30. Darnell (2/4): I most definitely trust Cydney. This gut don’t lie to me. And right now, my gut tells me, “Go use the-the-the bathroom.”
31. Darnell (3/4): And then I just hear, “Darnell, are-are you taking a dump?” You know, just putting me on blast. I mean, seriously. I can’t be at peace for just two seconds?
32. Nick (3/3): It wasn’t the best of starts for the Beauty tribe, whatsoever. While we’re building the shelter, the chickens get out. And it’s just like, “Really? This, right now?” We are running around like chickens with our heads cut off, and we’re wasting calories but you desperately want those chickens. We got two of ‘em back. And 66%? I’ll take it. But it wasn’t the best start.
33. Anna (2/6): I love Tai’s approach to life. He takes his time with all of us, and when there’s something new, he tries to teach all of us, and I absolutely love that about him. He taught us how to tie a little rope on the chickens and how to run around. I love that! He respects all the little creatures and insects that live here.
34. Anna (3/6): Tai is someone that I can definitely work with. The three girls, we’re pretty tight, but in order to have the numbers and to propel ourselves in the game, we need a guy, and Tai is perfect to take along with us. We can use him, for sure.
35. Julia (1/1): There’s a little bit of a connotation that comes with being in a sorority. People underestimate you. They think that’s all you do and they think that’s how you get through life, you know, like, the way that you look. But I’m really not like that at all. I can pull my own weight and I’ll be able to make connections instantly with these people. I definitely want to stick with Anna and pull in Michele. I think that the three of us could do very well.
36. Anna (4/6): Julia came up to me and was like, “Listen, Caleb was on Big Brother,” so I trusted her. And it actually gives us a lot of information that he was on Big Brother. He had an alliance of nine in Big Brother and he kept it all the way, which shows me that he’s very loyal. So that’s really important for us.
37. Caleb (3/3): I’m “Beast Mode Cowboy” from Big Brother, but I’m more than that and I want to show everybody what I’m made of. I was in the military right out of high school. I was a prison guard in Baghdad, Iraq. So, you know, I have been through a lot of things that a lot of people have not had to go through. If I’m in a competition where I’m standing on my tippy toes for three hours, I’m going to stand on my tippy toes for three hours until the last person gives up. Living my daily life on a farm and being an outdoorsman, this is home to me. I know what it takes to make a fire. I’ll do whatever I have to do to get what I want. I believe I’m probably mentally stronger than anyone in this game.
38. Joe (2/2): I’m seventy-one years old, and I-I was a hostage negotiator in the FBI. We were on some dangerous assignments at times, but I have street sense. I tend to see things before they actually happen, kind of, and have intuitiveness about things, so I think I can be able to make it through that gauntlet to be the Sole Survivor.
39. Debbie (3/4): Joe and I are work horses. We’ve got the wisdom to know before we go strategizing about winning the game, we have to stay alive! This is Survivor. You actually have to survive here. So I’m going to make this camp as comfortable as I can, mostly for me and Joe, because Joe and I plan on sticking around a very long time.
40. Liz (2/4): Debbie talks, talks, talks, and talks so highly of herself that I start to think that she might just annoy everybody to death!
41. Neal (4/5): When you have six people on a tribe, and you know that four of us are gonna be quicker, both physically as well as mentally, it makes a hell of a lot of sense to try to keep the four younger ones together.
42. Peter (3/3): In our group, we’ve got four young people and two old people. The fact that I say they’re old people means that they already stick out. Joe and Debbie are low-hanging fruit so they’re going to be eaten first.
43. Tai (5/6): I’m gonna look around, try to see if I can find… some signs for the idol. This morning, we were walking and everybody turned around to take the bamboo back, so I say, “I have to look for the idol.” I have no clue but this is Survivor-- gotta be an idol somewhere near here.
44. Anna (5/6): I’m looking around, and then I saw Tai, and as soon as I walk up, he kneels down. I’m like, “That’s really weird.” And I see him patting the floor, and I’m like, “Okay, well, this guy’s looking for the idol,” and I’m just right away sketched.
45. Anna (6/6): Yesterday, I felt comfortable with him, but now, I don’t trust you for a freakin’ second.
46. Tai (6/6): I screw everything up. It’s not good for me at all. The fact that I went away for half an hour to look for the idol, and I got caught.
47. Michele (2/2): I just don’t trust Tai. I think that he’s bringing a lot of anxious energy. He made his bed, and right now, Tai is number one for me.
48. Aubry (1/3): It’s so hot out here that I don’t think you even realize in the moment how hot it is. You realize when you start moving slower. It kind of scrambles your brain. It slows you down. And you can’t escape it. I think this heat might be one of the biggest factors in this game. I mean, look at me. I went to a prep school, and I work in social media. So coming from Boston, in the middle of winter, to being marooned here, it’s like going from black to white. It’s intense. I started feeling a little wobbly and discombobulated, and your thoughts stop moving in a linear pattern.
49. Debbie (4/4): Aubry comes to me and immediately I knew she was dehydrated, heat exhaustion, and anxiety-ridden. She was also absolutely overwhelmed with being thrown into a jungle with five strangers.
50. Aubry (2/3): I care about this game. I love everything about it, and maybe I worked it up too much in my own head. This situation I’m in isn’t even about the environment, this is all about my own head. I’m a thinker. I get stuck in my own head. I know that I brought this upon myself.
51. Liz (3/4): Aubry wasn’t, like, ill dehydrated. She hadn’t even gotten to the point of, like, chapped lips. So for her it was really more of an anxiety attack. She was just freaking out about freaking out.
52. Liz (4/4): Whatever impression she’s giving off on Day 2, I do think there’s a significant risk that she cracks again next time something doesn’t go well.
53. Neal (5/5): With Aubry being weird and freaking out, I think it might be a repeat of the first Brains, Beauty, and Brawn where Brains was a mess and just got shellacked.
54. Jennifer (1/3): (painfully and tearfully) I’m actually worried. I’m not sure, but I think I got a bug in my ear, and I thought, “It’s fine. It’ll crawl out. It’s not a big deal.” But instead of crawling out, it is getting deeper in my ear. I can’t sleep. I can’t get comfortable. (sniffles) It’s just disgusting hearing these little legs crawl around in your head. Like, it’s digging deeper into my ear canal. I don’t know what that does to a person. Emotionally, it does a lot, but, I mean, physically, what kind of damage is it doing? I feel like there’s blood coming out of my ear. I don’t know what it’s doing to me. It’s so painful. I prepared to face a lot out here, but I didn’t prepare for some bug to munch me from the inside.
55. Jennifer (2/3): (painfully and tearfully) All night, I haven’t slept, like, not even a minute! I want to know what is inside me that is causing my ear to bleed. And it’s so painful, like, it hurts so bad. Like, it’ll go for thirty seconds and he’ll stop for a minute and he starts again. I can hear him. He’s literally digging. Like… (screams) Ah! That’s what it sounds like. And he’s getting further in. I thought he would crawl out, but he’s going further inside my ear, and it… God, it just hurts so bad!
56. Alecia (2/4): It is a concern going into a challenge, thinking that we might lose one of our tribemates ‘cause she has a bug in her ear. I do very likely think today that if we lose I could be on the chopping block because they want a stronger team, so hopefully Jen is gonna be okay for the challenge ‘cause I don’t want us going into the challenge with five people.
57. Scot (3/5): Poor Jenny. She’s bleeding and she’s in some pain. But selfishly, I’m a little worried about the challenge today. If we don’t win this, it’s gonna hurt all of us. So, quite literally, failure is not an option.
58. Cydney (2/3): Eww! It was just amazing. At first, I wasn’t sure how long it was and ended being about (shows short distance between thumb and index finger) yay big coming out of her ear which was-- it’s pretty long for an ear canal, so I can see how she was in pain.
59. Jennifer (3/3): I feel amazing. I… back to what I was before, ready to take on all these challenges. I got this. 39 days, no problem.
60. Aubry (3/3): This hasn’t been easy for me. I’ve been having a bit of a hard time. I might be going home tonight but I’m not going to go home without giving this one everything I have.
61. Alecia (3/4): It is risky at Tribal because I’m not a puzzle wizard! You know, but Darnell dropped the glasses and totally screwed up the challenge. So the only way for me to stay in this game right now, is to try and get them to vote off Darnell.
62. Darnell (4/4): Growing up in Chicago, I was a lifeguard, but I never knew that seawater was that dark-- that murky. Like, you couldn’t see nothing. When people in this game are not talking to you, they’re talking about you. We have Tribal tonight, I’m a good candidate to going home, so I’m going to do what I gotta do.
63. Scot (4/5): We’ve got Tribal Council tonight, and the two people that are on the chopping block, it’s Darnell and Alecia. But really there’s just one in my opinion. Darnell loses the mask. He apologized, but the dead weight in the challenge, it was just unacceptable.
64. Alecia (4/4): I don’t think I can trust Scot, but if I can just try and be a master manipulator and then vote Darnell, then that's’ the only option that right now I really have.
65. Scot (5/5): That just blew my mind. I threw her a freakin’ bone. You’re pushing yourself out of this game. We’re trying to give her blatant hints to just, “Calm down, because the only thing you’re doing right now is killing yourself.”
66. Cydney (3/3): They want to vote Darnell out, but I do prefer Alecia to go just based on the simple fact that she doesn’t do anything. I’d prefer for Darnell to stick around because of our initial alliance. The more numbers I have, the better it is for me. So when I get to Tribal, I’m going to make sure people know who needs to go home.
1. Alecia (1/6): I thought they were going to try and vote me out tonight. Fortunately, Darnell ended up going home. But what threw me off, is this, like, if you guys want me here, why are you talking so much crap to me in Tribal? I almost wonder, I could be wrong, but I saw Jenny and Jason whispering a lot during Tribal, and there was one point I thought I heard someone say, “I changed my mind.” So maybe they were going to vote me out. (stares blankly) I’m just really confused at this point.
2. Jason (1/4): The truth is Blondie was this close to going home tonight, so she should just be thanking her lucky stars that she got to spend three more days here or however long, because I’ll be honest, she’s driving me nuts.
3. Jennifer (1/5): To be honest, we started to reconsider our vote. Jason, and Scot, and I are like, “Are we doing the right thing?”
4. Tai (1/7): I have no idea what my standing is, you know, with the tribe. So I want, desperately, to go out and look for the idol, but I got caught the first day, and I don’t want to put a target on my back.
5. Tai (2/7): I want to go back to where I was looking the first time ‘cause I think that’s the most obvious thing.
6. Tai (3/7): Woah! Damn, that’s a twist they’ve given me. I thought I got the idol. I look it up and it’s actually, it’s a clue. I said, “Oh, no.” So I said, “I don’t have time for anything.” It’s getting late. I don’t know how much time I spent already. Hopefully, they’re still at the beach.
7. Tai (4/7): The key is way on top of the palm tree. So I just gonna have to bite the bullet and just go for it.
8. Tai (5/7): The palm tree is like sand paper sanding both my thighs. My whole chest just start burning. The bottom of my foot was bleeding. I’m thinking I cannot get the idol. I have to get back ‘cause I’ve been gone too long now. So, I’ll have to get back another day.
9. Liz (1/4): It feels so amazing that the Brains tribe won the very first challenge of this game. We’ve been feeling really cohesive and tight, and this victory, I think, really has solidified us even better.
10. Debbie (1/1): Elisabeth is a smart girl. However, the chances of there being organic chemicals here that we have to boil and filter the water, are virtually slim to none. It is absolutely in my realm of experience to be able to judge water just by looking at it. I mean, keep in mind, I’ve got twenty years experience analyzing water! (laughs)
11. Peter (1/2): Debbie marches to the beat of her own drum. And when I first saw her, my first question to myself was, “Does she have thirty cats or forty cats?” And the question-- the answer probably is forty cats… at her house… right now.
12. Liz (2/4): I think Debbie wants to prove to everybody how strong she is, and how competent and capable she is. But she doesn’t realize that all talk, if it’s not backed up with anything, isn’t really going to get her anywhere.
13. Peter (2/2): Debbie is not exhibiting much game play whatsoever, so she’s the person you want on your team. That’s exactly what you want, it’s a brain to have no game. I’m keeping Debbie around as long as I can.
14. Tai (6/7): If I want to get the idol, I have a huge amount of work, but I don’t know how to go about doing it. So right now, I think I’m going to lay low because, I think, maybe my charm, my personality, will help me connect with the people in my tribe.
15. Caleb (1/1): Where I’m from, you don’t see Tais. He’s not the average country guy. First night I was here, Tai, “Hey, man, I’m cold. Can I-- can I cuddle you to, you know, to warm up?” “Yeah, man, you can hold me to warm up.” There is no such thing as homophobe in this guy right here. I like hanging out with him because he is one of a kind, for sure.
16. Julia (1/1): Caleb and Tai are the most different people I have ever met in my life. Caleb is a country boy. He’s a hunter. Tai is a gardener who is so concerned about animals and the environment.
17. Michele (1/2): They’re just two totally different personalities that you wouldn’t think connect, and somehow, they just get each other.
18. Michele (2/2): The bromance is real out here. They bicker like a married couple, and then they kiss and make up.
19. Tai (7/7): I was totally going in for the kiss (chuckles) just-- just to shock him and tease him. It’s like, I know he can take it. I think he likes it a little bit.
20. Neal (1/1): The kerosene is frustrating because we started with this little very valuable jar. Joe put a third of it on the fire and then let it tip on its side, and we lost most of it. What’s gonna happen, if we don’t have our fire, is we’re gonna drink from the well and people could get sick.
21. Joe (1/2): There’s a lot of practicality in being here and I would say the two most practical people are Debbie and me. I have a lot of survival skills having a military background, and the rest of the people, I think they have book knowledge, but it-- it’s not the same thing.
22. Liz (3/4): I was pretty upset about the fire because I was dying for some freshly boiled water, and Joe wasted a lot of kerosene and destroyed most of the matches.
23. Joe (2/2): Liz is becoming kind of a pain in the butt. She knows everything about everything, and it’s like, “Come on already, please?” As far as I’m concerned, everything Liz knows is book knowledge from stringing together a rod, or something, to get coconuts, to sprinkling ant dust against ant attacks, to making charcoal water filter things that don’t work. It’s like, you now, I’m at kindergarten camp, and it’s just irritating.
24. Liz (4/4): I am feeling emotional just because I’m physically very weak right now. And Joe doesn’t seem to care or appreciate that I really need a fire going. (sighs and wipes away tear) I hate being emotional. I hate allowing myself to, like, not do the logical thing at every given point. I know that I’m capable of being patient and calm until I can get some water in me. So I just need to, like, hide myself for a little bit until the fire is going. (sighs)
25. Jennifer (2/5): Everything is going wrong for the Brawn tribe. We can’t make a fire, so we don’t have any fresh water. We can’t cook the chickens, so we don’t have anything to eat. We might look brawny… (shakes head) we are weaklings at this point, weaklings!
26. Jason (2/4): My shoulders are fried. My shins are fried. My thighs are fried. But, I was in Iraq and Afghanistan, so I can live with it. I can embrace the suck of this. I’m used to the suck. I just keep chalking it up to another horrible day. Let’s move on! But for now, I need to stay in the shade.
27. Alecia (2/6): At this point, I kind of feel like I’m at the bottom, but I don't believe in quitting. I don’t believe in giving up. So I need to show them why they should keep me in the game. And I’m going to keep trying until I see flames.
28. Alecia (3/6): I’ve been over there by myself trying to make the fire all day, and I look over, and the hitman and the NBA player are having nap time. And it’s just frustrating.
29. Jennifer (3/5): One thing I love about Alecia is she’s not a quitter. She’s tough. And that boosted her self-esteem so much. She just so badly wanted to contribute in such a huge way, and we need people like that. I mean, this fire, it has saved us.
30. Scot (1/2): Now we have food and clean water, and I just feel like we’re just gonna get stronger and stronger, and that’s huge because we definitely need to start winning challenges.
31. Jason (3/4): You don’t wanna go down as the worst tribe in history. And let me tell you, our ship is sinking and we’re on our way to that record.
32. Scot (2/2): We lost the challenge, so we’re going to Tribal, again. Fortunately, Jason, Cydney, Jenny and myself, we’re strong. We-we genuinely like each other. I would be shocked if one of us turned. That leaves Alecia.
33. Jason (4/4): Blondie, she’s a ditz and a half… a ditz. I’m sure she’s got a good heart, good intentions on stuff, she’s just dumb. She’s always confused. She’s like an ostrich. She’s a bird, but she can’t fly, so she’s useless. So you gotta get rid of her.
34. Alecia (4/6): I’m getting a little worried about Tribal tonight because not once did any of them ask me to be in an alliance with them, so I guess that’s probably telling me something. There’s still a Hidden Immunity Idol out there, but where it is, Lord only knows.
35. Jennifer (4/5): I had an alliance in the beginning, but it’s funny what 6 days out here does to you. And you really get to know people for who they are and what they are, and to be honest, Jason is starting to piss me off. I don’t like his attitude. I mean, he just sits around and doesn’t do anything except talk about Alecia, and I’m tired of it.
36. Alecia (5/6): It’s funny how quick things change because I thought I was going home, and then Jenn’s like, “Hey, let’s do an all-girls alliance.”
37. Alecia (6/6): If this works and Jason goes home tonight instead of me, I would be really excited. I might even do (waves arms around) a little happy dance. Like, I’m gonna be stoked!
38. Jennifer (5/5): I have this thing, they call it low-impulse control. I chase shiny objects. So sometimes when I hear ideas, I think, “Oh, that’s a good idea. Let’s do that!” But then, you know, I realize blindsiding Jason is also me blindsiding Scot, and I actually like Scot, and he trusts me. So, I don’t know what to do.
39. Cydney (1/1): Jenny was just like, “I was getting a little ahead of myself. We can do that later.” And I’m just like, “What is going on?!” Like, “When did this tide turn?” The girl is just all over the place. She got some balls on her going back and forth like that. Every single time I turn around, something is going on, but all I know it’s really up in the air at this point, and that’s a very, very dangerous way to go to Tribal.
1. Alecia (1/3): Scot said, “I only wrote your name down because I knew Jenny was going home.” That’s the stupidest thing I think I’ve ever heard. I mean, if you're gonna break my trust once, you’re not going to get it back.
2. Cydney (1/3): Alecia just baffles me day in and day out. She thinks we’re allied and she thinks it’s us against them, but she doesn’t really know how close I am with the guys. I just keep going, “Mm-hmm, that sounds good. I’m down. Whatever you want, I’m down.”
3. Scot (1/3): Things changed a lot tonight at Tribal. I-I have lost one of the three original alliance that I wanted, and now Alecia is very much empowered, and she could make trouble for me.
4. Tai (1/4): Everybody is watching everybody like a hawk, but I’m getting the idol right now. That’s it. One chance. Actually, like, that’s my only chance. I think that the tribe, truly, I think they like me as a person, but the idol is the only thing that’ll make me feel safe in this game. I know exactly where it is. I just have to get the key out. I need to get a stick, attach a tool, and poke the tube through the canister to push the key out. Somehow I lost the tool. I was so mad at myself. You know, nothing in my life come easy, you know, including this idol. My whole life is just full of challenges. In Vietnam, refugee camp, coming to America, reinventing myself, and this is another big challenge. So I just make myself another tool from a stick.
5. Tai (2/4): I found the idol. I worked so hard for this. Jeff make it so… it’s not easy, but I never give up. This idol and I belong together.
6. Peter (1/3): I’m part of one core alliance with Liz, but we’re managing two separate groups of two, Debbie and Joe, and Aubry and Neal, but we’re in control.
7. Liz (1/2): Peter and I have been looking for a tighter group of more loyal players to shepherd into the swap and the merge. Debbie seems like she’s going to be great. Doesn’t seem to have the drive to make a big move in her. She’s, like, our court jester. Joe seems like he would be a loyal soldier. Aubry doesn’t really want to talk about the game or that kind of thing. Neal, on the other hand, is a very smart guy, and a huge risk to blindside one of us come a swap or a merge.
8. Debbie (1/5): My position in this tribe is to sit back, observe, shut up and gather intel. Peter really feels superior, and Liz is our prima donna princess. Their goal is to take the rest of us out while we do the hard work. And right now, Peter is an asset at challenges. So the person that needs to go is Liz. I see that clearly.
9. Debbie (2/5): To split up Liz and Peter, we need to be subversive. We need to implant counterintelligence. We need to move with a purpose, Joe! And we need to do it now!
10. Debbie (3/5): When you get into a battle with me, be prepared for me to use better, smarter tactics. The bomb doors are open! Prepare to fire! You know, the beautiful thing about what I’m doing is nobody really pays attention to me, and that is precisely what I want to do, fly under the radar. All the while, I’m sitting back gathering intel because that’s how you play this game, baby.
11. Caleb (1/2): Killing the chicken is best for our tribe. I mean, right now we are all hungry. But some people are attached to animals. Tai is one of them people. And, you know, that just kind of shows a sensitive side of Tai. And, uh, you know, we just want to make sure that we’re here for him because he has a hard time with stuff like that.
12. Tai (3/4): To me we don’t really have to kill that chicken, but the boys need protein to stay strong for challenge. It is the circle of life. We need to eat something. They-they eat something else. You know, it’s the circle of life. As long as we are aware of the whole thing… and no waste. Just absolutely no waste.
13. Tai (4/4): Just the sight of life draining out of my hand… I feel like I… did wrong, a lot of wrong. You know, it had to be done. It’s still very, very difficult to go through. It’s still a life that you took.
14. Nick (1/1): Tai is too in his own mind where he’s got these feelings and emotions that he has to get out. And that’s not the way to play this game. My friends would compare me to, yeah, a robot or just, like, cold-blooded, but you don’t need emotions out here. You just need to seem like you have emotions.
15. Anna (1/1): There’s just something about Nick that I don’t trust. He’s so difficult to talk to. He has such a fake smile and he just really rubs me the wrong way. I do trust Caleb. I trust Tai. So if we have three girls and three guys, we need to pull over one of the guys.
16. Caleb (2/2): I think the girls are a very strong three. And, uh, Anna throws out a proposal that she wants me to be with the girls, and we’ll get rid of Nick. You know, I don’t see that as a bad thing ‘cause if we do lose, that means me not going home.
17. Scot (2/3): I’m out trying to find this idol because I don’t trust Alecia, but there's a lot of places an Immunity Idol could hide. If there is a clue out there or the idol, the last person we would want to find it is obviously Alecia.
18. Alecia (2/3): I kind of feel like I’m at the bottom, and then I see a clue to an Immunity Idol. It’s power in this game. If you have that idol, it’s like you can be at the bottom and then you get it, ba-da-da-da-da-da-da-da, you’re at the top.
19. Jason (1/6): I go for a little walk, sure enough, there’s Alecia and Cydney digging. I instantly know what’s up. They’re looking for the idol.
20. Cydney (2/3): So I found the idol… and I gotta wait til she’s gone. I waited for Alecia to walk off because I found a little tool with this clue, and I’m like, “Oh, word!” So I start digging and digging and I hit something hard. So I scraped it with my fingers a little bit, and it says “Idol” on it. So then I tried to open the box. It has a lock. So I’m like, “Well, how the hell I’m supposed to get up in the doggone box?” And then next thing I know, of course Alecia, she was on her way back, so I hurried and covered it up.
21. Cydney (3/3): Of course, as Jason already saw us, it’s clearly I gotta go tell him anyway. It’s basically to make us all feel comfortable and make it so that they don’t think I’m actually aligned with her.
22. Jason (2/6): I am possibly one of the best bounty hunters in Southeast Michigan. If someone gives me a tip in my work, you got seconds, minutes, hours maybe. So you move! I try and treat this game like how I treat my job. I found it pretty quickly. I find the clue, I find the idol box -- it’s locked -- and the little clue has a map. I had to move.
23. Jason (3/6): I just took off like a bat out of hell. And you’re either going to keep up or get left behind.
24. Jason (4/6): The map was pretty self-explanatory. And then it’s just looking, paying attention to detail. What’s different? What’s missing? I found the key. The only way to get it out was to push through a little hole at the bottom, but the tool is gone. We don’t know where it is. It got flung somewhere. The girls didn’t know what it was. Who knows?
25. Jason (5/6): Scot and I make a makeshift tool to get the key. Sure enough, Blondie is waiting there to try and snatch it. And… I can’t let that happen. It’s on.
26. Jason (6/6): In this game, if you want something, you gotta go get it. And it was nice having an NBA player on my side, especially a center. You know, that height paid off.
27. Alecia (3/3): I was the one who found the clue, but unfortunately, Jason has the idol. This whole thing was just completely confusing. It all happened so fast. Honestly, at this point, I don’t trust anyone on my tribe. It’s like a rollercoaster. First I’m on the top, and now… I think I’m back on the bottom.
28. Scot (3/3): Idol time, baby. It’s in the right hands. I’d preferred it was in mine, but I’m pretty confident Jason’s gonna take care of me. We just wanted to make sure Alecia didn’t have it, because unless it’s a really easy challenge next time, I don’t see how we win. Now she’s outnumbered and she’ll be next.
29. Peter (2/3): We lost the challenge, but no problem with that, ‘cause now Liz and I are gonna go down the hitlist like a mobster, and the first one is Neal. The game’s the game. Money is money. Survivor is Survivor.
30. Liz (2/2): As a long-term solution, losing today was good for me and Peter, because we can send Neal home and Neal’s going to be the player that causes problems down the road. I think we’re going to have to tell Aubry and Neal that Joe is going home tonight, but the actual plan is the remaining four will be splitting the votes between Neal and Aubry in case Neal has a Hidden Immunity Idol. The idea is to simplify the process for Joe and Debbie. They just need to write down Neal, remember it’s Neal we’re going for, and they don’t have to think about anything complicated.
31. Debbie (4/5): So Liz approached me. She wants Joe and I to vote for Neal and follow orders like a good soldier! It’s not happening. When I know somebody is snowing me, I can give it back to you in spades. The fact is, she is absolutely oblivious to the reality of what’s going on here.
32. Neal (1/1): I know now Liz and Peter have been whispering little… lies and making it sound like I have an idol. And as a result, they need to be punished.
33. Peter (3/3): Although Liz and I are good-looking people and we have great smiles, we’re actually out for blood. Everyone else, they’re like clay that we mold. They are indecisive unless given a decision. They need paternal direction, and I’m being that paternal person, providing them direction in the way I want them to vote. It’s a great play.
34. Aubry (1/1): Peter is very controlling. I just can’t trust someone who is revealing themselves right in front of me every day by opening their mouth. He doesn’t have emotional intelligence, and I don’t know if that’s someone we can move forward with. Debbie originally decided to target Liz, but for me, Peter is the biggest threat. I want to talk to Debbie and figure this out.
35. Debbie (5/5): We still have a target, Liz, but Peter’s playing this game with an over exuberance, and he’s narcissistic, egotistical, and in the long haul, serious trouble to the Brain tribe. Liz and Peter will slit anybody’s throat in this game given a split second, so it’s a big decision, but Tribal Council tonight is going to be a total blindside, and it’s going to be ugly when we get home, kids! (cackles maniacally) Total blindside.
1. Debbie (1/3): Tonight at Tribal Council, it went down exactly as I expected. I gathered my intelligence. I made observations, then made objectives -- knew how to carry them out. I guess, you would have to call me the mastermind. Peter’s position in the tribe has knocked his ego down ten notches. He’s a total narcissist, but he knows he’s still on the periphery.
2. Peter (1/1): Tribal Council tonight was a complete surprise. (scoffs) I-- I’m still-- I’ve got knots in my stomach. We’re now the “Pea Brains,” not the Brain tribe. We’re screwed. Uh, we don’t have a strong tribe anymore, physically or strategically. You know, I’m dejected, but I’m happy I’m still here, and once there’s a merge or a swap, I’m gonna take them out one by one.
3. Debbie (2/3): When I go through Ranger training at Hawk Mountain Ranger School, we’re taught first aid. Because of my training, I actually knew I was heat stroked. Heat stroke is like being roasted alive. You feel dizzy, exhausted, and you feel hot. And after the first few seconds of shade and water, I immediately felt better. I knew I wasn’t getting pulled from the game.
4. Tai (1/1): Without Caleb, it’s very sad. He’s going to be in my heart for a long time. And I’m sure I’ll see him again. And, uh, I still want to have that kiss from him. Before Caleb was gone… three boys against three girls. But now, only Nick and I. Now, the girls have their choice of who to kick out. So, the idol’s more important now… because, if we go to Tribal… there’s a 50-50 chance I’m going home, but I’m not going to go home with an idol in my pocket.
5. Debbie (3/3): My biggest fear was not only would I appear weak to my tribe, but that I would appear weak to my daughters back home. I’d like to think of myself as a role model to my daughters. My daughters often tell me that they are… (sighs, pauses and wipes away tear) My daughters often tell me how proud they are of me. And I’ve done a lot of stupid stuff in my life. Crystal always tells me, “You’re the best mom.” And Jade says, “You’re Wonder Woman,” and… they were really proud of me to-to come here and I… (pauses) I just don’t want to disappoint them.
6. Alecia (1/2): I wasn’t trying to start drama with Scot, but I just wanted to, you know, confront him about the situation. In the Reward Challenge, I kept saying, “Come on, guys. We can do this.” And Scot goes, “Let her keep being a cheerleader. That’s all she’s good at.”
7. Alecia (2/2): I’m not intimidated by him ‘cause he's bigger than me or stronger than me. I’m gonna let him know how I feel, and I want our tribe to work more as a team, and to not put each other down, and with me, you know, they just keep doing it.
8. Cydney (1/2): Coming back to camp after my little spells, it was just like, recoup, that’s my main thing. Next thing I know, people start hollerin’ and I’m just like, “(indistinct) Y’all messing my recuperation.”
9. Cydney (2/2): The Brawn team is-- we just do everything intensely and, like, I do not think Alecia is aware of pretty much… anything. And I’m just like, “Girl, come on. Just listen and pay attention.”
10. Jason (1/2): I definitely do not think Alecia gets the big picture of what’s going on around her in this world, but I went a little overboard. I get angry. You know, I raised two daughters that are the absolute world to me. I want them to be strong, very educated, independent females that are able to take care of themselves without their dad, ever. And it upsets me to see a girl like Alecia, who you can’t even hold a conversation with her. Alecia is so far on the bottom now, we’re just waiting. That Tribal Council is signed, sealed and delivered.
11. Jason (2/2): Jeff asks Alecia a question, and Alecia responded back with her famous words, “I did my best.” It’s all about her, her, her, her, her.
1. Peter (1/3): Since the last vote, where I feel in this pack is at the bottom. You know, I feel like I’m a neutered dog right now ‘cause I’ve got no play. So, it’s strategically crucial that I start pandering to these people. So I go into doctor mode. Right now, it’s “Dr. Peter’s Clinic,” but it’s actually an attempt just to make them feel as if they need me. If they see me as someone who’s functional and useful, I’m just going to exploit that and try to get out of this mess I got myself in.
2. Neal (1/4): We have a tribe of five. We have four people that are aligned and then we have one cancer named Peter. There’s likely an idol out here somewhere and we need to keep it out of Peter’s hands, so I’m going to spend as much time as it takes to find the idol. I’m poking around and I’m looking for any tree that might look unique-- something that sticks out. And all of a sudden, I see this tree, this long thin slit down it.
3. Neal (2/4): I brushed some leaves and there’s a box buried in the earth. But… the box has a padlock on it.
4. Neal (3/4): I know I’m going to get it. I’m confident I’ve gotten here. I know where it is. I’m going to go find that. But will I get caught in that process? So I have to move very, very fast. So I scamper across the island looking up at every coconut tree, and sure enough, right behind one, is a cylinder with a little hole right at the bottom to push that tool through.
5. Neal (4/4): The last rule is a twist in the game that if you happen to have two idols, they can be combined into one Super Idol. So, now the goal is to find another idol, or somebody that has an idol. One of my philosophies in life is that you make your own luck, and that’s exactly what I’m doing. If somebody is betting in Vegas, I’m the frontrunner.
6. Michele (1/3): What… the… heck?! The girls’ alliance got clean divided. To have the people that you trust the most out here go three different ways, it’s crushing.
7. Peter (2/3): This swap is exactly what I needed ‘cause if that didn’t happen, I was dead! My alliance member was voted out before me and I was just the next lowest-hanging fruit. But now it’s in our best interest to go forward together. On this tribe, there’s three Brains, two Beauty, one Brawn. We’re the majority. I’m set up right now to easily make it into the merge without even having any concern or even a bead of sweat down my eyebrow.
8. Scot (1/5): I’m the sole Brawn, and I’m thinking, “All right, I’m on the bottom of the totem pole.” It is a familiar feeling for me. I played for five different teams in the NBA, and each time you’re joining a group of people you used to play against and you used to fight against. I can handle it. I just gotta figure out if I can trust anybody, who it is, and if it’s going to do me any good?
9. Aubry (1/1): I might have three Brains in number, but with Peter, that might only be two. I don’t trust Peter as far as I can throw him. Logically in numbers, does it make sense to go with Peter? Yeah, it does, especially if there’s potential a Beauty could come back to this tribe. If Julia comes back from the Brawn tribe, she’s going to be another Beauty and we’re going to lose the numbers. It’s going to be three and three.
10. Scot (2/5): I’m absolutely alone, but Brain tribe seemingly has already made the decision. Everybody is on board to take out a Beauty. But people say one thing, and then they turn around five minutes later and say something else. Who knows? It might switch all over again.
11. Michele (2/3): I don’t think anybody expected the switch today. I was… stunned. You know, on Beauty, the girls’ alliance was really, really tight, but we’re all divided right now, us three girls, and it’s nerve-racking.
12. Michele (3/3): On my tribe, I find myself with two Beauty, two Brain, two Brawn. So there’s a lot to think about, and it’s going to be a rough adjustment, but, you know, you gotta keep your head up and read people until it comes time where I’ve gotta make an alliance.
13. Debbie (1/3): The new Chan Loh tribe is a good tribe. It was a warm welcome to our humble abode, but immediately, I’m just looking for an opening because my game play is I’m on the offense, not the defense. And from the get-go, I wanted to work with Brawn because the Brawn tribe definitely is the power house.
14. Cydney (1/2): So, we were on a walk looking for coconuts and Debbie seemed really authentic. Like, she has a-a very motherly vibe and it definitely could be good for me to have, like, a motherly figure around, too. So I think it’d-- it could be a good duo.
15. Cydney (2/2): I’ve been playing the dumb jock role, but I haven’t told anybody that I went to Penn, which is, like, one of the top schools in the nation, because that’s not what the vibe you get from me. You wouldn’t be like, “Oh, she’s so smart.” No, that is not what I give off. But, I did go to an Ivy League school. It took a lot to get there, especially, like, growing up in Atlanta public school system. I was extremely ready for a change. (chuckles)
16. Debbie (2/3): I spoke with Cydney about my plan of the two Brawn hooking up with the two Brain. Now I need to speak to Jason and make it a foursome.
17. Debbie (3/3): I already went to Cydney. I already went to Jason. We have a foursome. Ding! Ka-ching! Ka-ching! (buzzes) We got a cyanide triple bond carbon nitrogen-- you’re not breaking it between us because in this game you have to have flexibility, and you have to have strength. Once again, I’m the mastermind behind the scenes, and they just don’t see me coming.
18. Tai (1/5): With Caleb being gone, I say goodbye to a dear friend, but the switch happened and we come together as a new tribe, so there’s a lot of opportunity to make new friends.
19. Scot (3/5): Tai is great. You can tell he’s a hard worker. It’s always great to have a guy in your tribe that keeps things jovial, and he knows how to do everything. That’s cool. I like people like that.
20. Tai (2/5): Scot is gigantic. He’s six foot, eleven inches. He’s so tall. Three hundred and seventy pounds. I think almost three of me to make one of him, and he wears size eighteen shoes. That’s amazing.
21. Scot (4/5): Tai is light as a feather. I tossed him up the tree and that little dude just ran around that tree picking mangoes like crazy. I’ve got a man crush on Tai right now, already. In my opinion, he’s number one most valuable member of the tribe right now.
22. Anna (1/3): I’m in the worst spot ever. With this extra dynamic of Julia coming back into the mix, there is no way that Brains are going to keep both Beauty, so it’s either Tai or I. I’m a professional poker player. I play a strategy game for a living. I know how to adjust. I know how to hustle. I’m not afraid to throw Tai under the bus so I can protect myself and get as far as I can in the game. I have a ton of work to do here. I have an uphill battle, but I’m not going to go out without a fight.
23. Nick (1/2): The tribe swap is a rebirth for me. This mix of Beauty, Brain and Brawn, it kind of makes things more simple since there’s two, two and two. So it’s going to be the battle of the pairs. I’m with Michele right now, and I’m trying to make some bonds to get two more with us.
24. Nick (2/2): When it comes to being manipulative, I think I’m the most intelligent person out here, so coming into this tribe, I get to start fresh and come up with new lies or new stories, and I’m happy about it.
25. Jason (1/1): Coming to the new Chan Loh tribe, I was put in a good spot. Beauties are going to stick together, the Brains are going to stick together, and they’re both reaching for Cydney and I. Both sides look at us as that tiebreaker. So it’s a great spot to be in. Beauty on the right, Brains on the left. Who do you side with? We kind of hold all the power. So I am feeling really good.
26. Julia (1/1): I woke up super dehydrated and I, like, felt my body shutting down. I had never felt like that before. It was a combination of dehydration, being out here alone and paranoia. At this point there is no chance of me reconnecting with my entire alliance, so it’s going to be hard. I would say that right now, being out here alone is the hardest part of my game so far. People don’t know that I’m actually eighteen, and I think that it’s easier for stronger people, bigger people than me, people with more life experience than me can help to get you through this. All day, all I’ve been thinking about is what could possibly be going on back at camp. The longer I’m out here, the more paranoid I’m going to get.
27. Anna (2/3): As soon as we lost the challenge, my heart sank. We are going to Tribal Council, and it’s probably going to be a Beauty person. It’s a battle between Anna versus Tai.
28. Tai (3/5): Right now, it definitely come down to me and Anna tonight. I have the idol. If I play the idol, I know for sure I will last another day, but I don’t want to play the idol. If I don’t play it, they might be all voting for me. More than once, many Survivor going home with the idol in their pocket.
29. Peter (3/3): I think the argument for Anna to go now is because she’s too good of a player. She’s a schemer, she’s intelligent, and she’s a very attractive woman. She can win people over, not only with her brain but with her looks.
30. Tai (4/5): I do not like Peter. There’s something arrogant about Peter. We can take Peter out. I can do it because I have the idol.
31. Anna (3/3): I love Survivor, I love blindsides and I love Immunity Idols, especially Hidden ones. I was petrified, but Tai will be using the idol, so whosoever the next person who has the higher votes goes home. Who’s that going to be? It’s going to be Peter. (blows kiss) See you later! (grins)
32. Scot (5/5): Aubry came up to me and said, “Tai is safe.” So with Jason, I’ve got two guys that have idols, and if you put ‘em together, it becomes Super Idol. And I thought, “Wow, we could blindside Anna and keep the idol hidden,” that would make me the only person in the game of Survivor that knows where there are two idols. That puts me in a pretty good spot, provided I can get to the merge.
33. Tai (5/5): Scot say, maybe they’re not going to vo-vote for me and then I can use the idol as a tool, but I’m so worried that if I don’t play the idol, I might go home with the idol in my pocket, in my shoes, and that would be a terrible thing. Right now, I have the idol. I can even keep it for myself, share it with Anna, I don’t know. I-I guess I’m bringing my idol tonight, and I want to see how it play out. I think a lot of stuff probably come up at Tribal, and from there I’ll… I’ll decide whether to play it or not.
1. Tai (1/2): At Tribal, Anna was completely in shock, and I couldn’t even look at her. I feel bad, but I’m glad Scot told me, “Don’t play your idol,” because I didn’t want to show anybody my idol. You know, the more people know, the less power it has. Now I have to fight and see how it unfold. And I definitely need some luck.
2. Peter (1/5): Since the tribe swapped, everything is up in the air. There’s a lot of uncertainty as far as alliances go. And it’s got me thinking about my next step, because in the old Brain tribe, I was on the bottom rung, so believe it or not, I might actually disband this Brain trust.
3. Peter (2/5): By screwing me over and lying to me, Aubry and Joe pissed me off. A game is a game. You know, if I was still on their Brain tribe, I’ve be on the bottom rung, so I’m actually positioning myself better. I’m not going to let them get in front of me and a million dollars. And I’m starting to think that if I’m going to make a move, now is the time.
4. Nick (1/6): Although I’m happy at camp, smiling, what’s going on inside is just thinking, non-stop. It’s a nervous energy, like right before you’re about to take the field as an athlete. So from here on out, I’ll be bonding and making relationships. It’s time to play. Play or go home.
5. Nick (2/6): Debbie is easy to read. She just needs to talk, she needs to be heard, listened to. She wants people to step up to the plate, so I just have to remember, be that person for Debbie. Whatever person she admires, which is herself, just be her.
6. Debbie (1/2): I think Nick looks like a Greek god. He’s got finely chiseled bones, absolutely ripped, and the angular features of his face just make for great photography, and I know that because I’ve modeled off and on for years and years. I bet anything he gets a real modeling contract. But it’s going to have no effect on my strategy to make it to the merge, and that’s still is my number one priority.
7. Nick (3/6): Debbie might have a crush on me. She probably does. Maybe she’s buttering me up, though. Maybe she’s blowing smoke up my rear end… but I doubt it.
8. Debbie (2/2): Sure enough, we have Reward Challenge, which involves some form of basketball. Our opponents have a professional basketball player, but we have our own secret weapon, Adonis, a.k.a. Nick.
9. Nick (4/6): I was a point guard in high school, but going up against an NBA player, I’m not expected to win, so I’m not feeling too much pressure, but if we have a big lead going in, I better sink a couple. I will not go down without a fight.
10. Michele (1/6): I screwed up the Reward Challenge. I failed our team, you know, and it’s nerve-racking for me. But I just gotta go back to camp and keep fighting and hopefully I can turn things around.
11. Julia (1/3): Walking into my old camp with a ton of food right after being alone was really kind of awesome, and it was a good way to kind of enter the tribe. Entering on good vibes is definitely a lot better than entering losing. I was definitely trying to get a read on this tribe because I automatically was like, “Crap, I’m next. I’m the next to go, there’s no question. They just got Anna out, I have to start from scratch.”
12. Peter (3/5): I was happy Julia came in for Anna because she wasn’t, from my initial impression, someone that’s conniving, and that’s someone I want to work with.
13. Julia (2/3): It’s funny. Peter immediately latched on to me and was like, “Let’s work together and get Aubry out.” I was like, “I’m totally on board with that.” Like, “Sounds good.” As long as it’s not my name, I will go with it because I gotta save myself.
14. Aubry (1/5): The Brains have control of this tribe right now, and I would prefer that we get out Julia first. That’s the easy vote, the Brains keep the numbers, but Peter decides to kind of isolate with her, and I’m a little bit suspicious about that. Peter is a little rogue and desperate right now, which makes me feel like I need to seriously consider whether now is the time for Peter to go.
15. Nick (5/6): I was angry with myself. I should have won that. Of course, everybody goes, “No, no, no, don’t worry about it, you were going against an NBA player,” but I should’ve closed the deal. But on the other hand, Michele botched the very beginning. She couldn’t untie the knot.
16. Michele (2/6): Today was not the best day for my Survivor game. A girl who is in my top two alliance got voted out. Besides that, I just put my head on the chopping block by blowing that challenge and it freakin’ sucks.
17. Michele (3/6): Everything that’s been up to this point, you know, it feels like it’s teetering, but I’m not one to give up. It does seem like I have to start over, so I’m just going to try and use my social skills to build me back up.
18. Michele (4/6): I like Debbie a lot. She’s really quirky, and I think she’s pretty honest and upfront about what she thinks and what she respects. So maybe Debbie is my best option.
19. Michele (5/6): The way that Nick speaks to me is not in a way that I would ever tolerate a man speaking to me in my regular life, and I just want to be like, “Bro, I know!” but that’s his ego.
20. Nick (6/6): I have to almost coach Michele in this game. She’s young and she doesn’t really know how to manipulate. So that’s going to be my job from here on out-- making sure Michele is under my wing and making sure she says the right things and comes across the right way.
21. Michele (6/6): Right now, what I’m gonna do is just let Nick baby me and make him believe that I need all the help that he can offer, like the innocent little girl, like I’m stupid, but actually, I’m a strong, independent woman, and when it comes time to make a move, then I will. I don’t need to be carried, bro.
22. Joe (1/4): Every time I turn around, there’s Peter walking away with those guys and it makes me nervous because Pete’s been after my butt from the get go. The problem with Peter is he plays both sides. And he’s so transparent, you can see right through him. Fortunately, I’m retired F.B.I. guy, and I’m trained to deal with somebody like that.
23. Peter (4/5): Joe starts accusing me of wanting to vote him out, and there’s a certain element of truth to that. I’ve been playing as hard as possible trying to make that happen. Unfortunately, it just blew up on me.
24. Joe (2/4): When you corner somebody like that and they don’t want to tell the truth, they start dancing, which is what happened. He’s kind of like the cancer. I don’t know, he-he’s just not trustworthy, so I’m done with him, and if we lose the next challenge, we gotta take him out.
25. Joe (3/4): Keeping Peter numbers-wise, would make sense if he was a straight shooter, but you just don’t know what he’s going to do. And before you get in a position where, “Oh, my God, I’m in trouble…” (mouths gunshot sound) you take the trouble out.
26. Aubry (2/5): Today, Peter had a strategy for how to stack the blocks, but that didn’t work out so well, and now we gotta go to Tribal. Even though I don’t trust him, I feel like it’s not the right thing right now to get rid of Peter, because if we do that, Tai, Scot and Julia will have the numbers, 3-2, and that really scares me.
27. Joe (4/4): I’m sick of Peter, but Aubry does make sense because if we vote him out, we’re going to be down one, and that’s really dangerous. So, we might have to keep him short term, even though he’s a big pain in the butt!
28. Peter (5/5): I really wanted to blindside either Aubry or Joe, but that blew up, so you just have to roll with the punches and take it day by day. And at this point, I feel like it’s better to go with the Brains, take out Julia and not stir up the waters.
29. Scot (1/2): Peter is voting with the Brains, so everything he told me is a lot of B.S. He is a snake, and I think everybody sees right through his veneer, but still, they’re going to stick together, and that doesn’t give the rest of us a lot of options.
30. Julia (3/3): I’m definitely concerned about Tribal tonight. I know I’m on the chopping block, you know, coming in late to the game, so if we don't do something, I’m pretty much going home.
31. Aubry (3/5): I wasn’t surprised to hear that Peter’s been trying to blindside Joe, but apparently he also threw me under the bus. I was going by the mantra “it’s better to stay with the devil you know,” but at this point, Peter is just such a wild card, I’m like, “Are we really going to keep someone you’re afraid is going to blindside you before you blindside them?”
32. Tai (2/2): Aubry didn’t say much at all. So I don’t know what she thinking. But they got the number. Why would they even do anything else than the most obvious thing, which is vote out Julia? I don’t think she believed me.
33. Scot (2/2): Our original plan was to convince Aubry to come with us and take out Peter. But the reality is we don’t know what she’s going to do, so we may have to just vote out Julia and live to fight another day.
34. Aubry (4/5): I don’t know what the hell is gonna happen. And it puts me in a bad situation. Do I stick with these Brains or do I flip, take out Peter, and potentially lose Joe’s trust?
35. Aubry (5/5): I have to make a decision, and I feel like no matter what I do, it’s going to blow back and bite me in the ass.
1. Scot (1/5): I am absolutely going to be picking off the Brain tribe now, because of that, because of that indecision, because I can’t trust them.
2. Aubry (1/8): Peter went home, which is what I thought was going to happen, but I went up there, wrote Julia, crossed it out and wrote Peter, and I ended up putting a target on my back and on Joe’s. So… future of the Brains tribe, we’re done, I think that’s it. And I think it’s every man for himself.
3. Scot (2/5): If I have to go to another Tribal, I am absolutely going to write down Aubry… Joe… Aubry… Joe, and I’ll just cross them out until I decide which one I want to go first.
4. Joe (1/1): Tai’s relationship with the chicken is a father to a son, I think. He does everything with the damn bird. He probably likes it better than us. After Tribal, Aubry and I, we’re on the chopping block, and now Tai and Scot and Julia, they’ve got a threesome and they’ve got two Brains, and, you know, bye-bye Brains. You know, Aubry, she at least changed her vote back to Peter. So, boom-boom, Joe’s done because I broke ranks. At this stage of the game, one chicken’s doing better than me.
5. Cydney (1/1): Neal was walking around with a big bulge in his pocket, and I’m just like, “Hmmm. I know what the idol looks like.” So when I saw the imprint in Neal’s pocket, I looked at Jason, I was like, “We’re going to have to flush that bad boy on out.”
6. Jason (1/5): Neal has a bulge in his cargo pocket, and, uh, the reason I think it looks so much like the idol is ‘cause I have a matching one. Now the target’s really on him because that makes him a threat to everybody. You know, but I gotta wait. I gotta plant the seeds and wait for the perfect time to let ‘em sprout up. I’m-I’m as pleased as punch right now. I kind of hold all the power.
7. Jason (2/5): You know, I was sitting there on the Chan Loh beach, feeling pretty good, getting ready to blindside Neal, and then this boat shows up. What the hell is going on?
8. Michele (1/3): I made the Survivor merge. That’s crazy! It’s, like, my dream as a kid. But, you know, unfortunately, I was in a good position at Chan Loh, now everything shifted. I don’t know what’s going on on the other side and, uh, that’s a scary thought.
9. Debbie (1/4): This season has been particularly tough so making the merge is huge and I made it. I never doubted that I would make it, however. You know, the game is switched up again and it’s really going to be insane out there. I love change. I love mixing it up. I take the offense, pull people in, because people want to be pulled in. Everybody’s dangling. I’ll pull ‘em in. Lock ‘em down.
10. Scot (3/5): I made it to the merge! I made it to the merge on Survivor. That is awesome. It is such a huge deal. And as soon as I saw Jason and Cydney, I just thought, “Oh, man, we’re back together.” It’s like we’re in the Playoffs. It’s-it’s time to start over, refocus. Hopefully, my team is strong and ready to get a championship.
11. Aubry (2/8): And just like that, Joe and I have been saved. After the last Tribal, I felt like total crap, so much so, that I was telling myself, “I’m a free agent. I’m separating from Joe.” Like, “That's it.” And then to see Neal and Debbie, I was so relieved. It was like being separated from your wacky family and then seeing them again.
12. Tai (1/2): When Brain, Beauty and Brawn all together finally, you’re thinking number-- four Beauty, four Brain, three Brawn. How are we going to line up? In Survivor, I have to trust somebody. So Scot is my only ally I know and he’s the most logical, since he know about the idol.
13. Nick (1/11): During the merge feast, people were getting a little tipsy, but I’m just listening left and right, seeing who’s getting along, seeing what information is out there. And it’s obvious the Brawn are going to be arrogant, like they’re in charge and nobody can stop them. The Brains are not going to want to work with that type of person because they’re the exact opposite. They want to be in the shadows. Right now, my true alliance is with Michele. We’re in a great spot within these two tribes, but I’ve learned: slow it down, read the people, let them keep bringing you information, and then you just slice ‘em up.
14. Debbie (2/4): Aubry is a little upset about the way things panned out and feels guilty. She has no need to do that. I know the four Brains -- myself, Aubry, Neal and Joe -- we’re still strong.
15. Neal (1/5): The Brawn are going to be an ongoing physical threat. Plus, they’re just kind of bullies. So it makes sense to go with a Beauty and Brain alliance.
16. Nick (2/11): Neal and Aubry pitched the fact that, “Hey, we just need two more of your Beauty. Nick, can you get in Michele?” “Yeah, I can probably get in Michele.” So they wanted to be the Brains versus the Brawn, just like I thought.
17. Nick (3/11): It makes sense to go with the Brains, but if you corner yourself, if you put yourself in a position where your back is against the wall, that’s not good Survivor.
18. Jason (3/5): It’s merge time, and the Brawn, we got to get back on track. So we were open with Nick, ‘cause we want him to feel comfortable. Right now, we need him for the numbers. And I believe that Neal has an idol, so Neal is the main focus.
19. Nick (4/11): You gotta wonder if Scot and Jason had too much rum at the merge feast. Scot welcomed me right away, and Jason says, “Neal has an idol.” Thank you for bringing me into your alliance. You’re such sweethearts, both of you.
20. Jason (4/5): Holy crap. This is unreal. Tai has a Hidden Immunity Idol, which is amazing because when you take two separate idols, mine and even his, and you link them together, now we have a Super Idol that we can play after the votes have been read, which means we are literally unstoppable.
21. Nick (5/11): I don’t like Scot’s and Jason’s overconfidence. They’re just like, “Screw everybody else. This is our game.” But as much as it annoys me, that’s a great thing for me. It really is, because they’re never going to suspect a blindside on them. They’re never going to see it coming.
22. Debbie (3/4): I seem to be one of the few people here that plays offense, and I know I need six to have the numbers over Brawn. It’s a battle for power, and I’m playing to win.
23. Tai (2/2): I woke up this morning, I didn’t even sit down, Debbie, like, two seconds behind me, she say, “Hey, I really like you. You’re going to be in our alliance.” It was pretty aggressive. I’m not buying her story. I’m not a fool! I see right through Debbie.
24. Aubry (3/8): Deb needs to cool her jets. She is trying too hard. Double and triple teaming people isn’t the way to go when you’re trying to get the numbers. You have to show confidence, and right now we’re showing desperation.
25. Jason (5/5): Beauty always goes with the jock, always. It’s just the way of the world. The Beauties don’t date the brainiacs. They’re at the dance with us and we’re just shoving-- shoving geeks in lockers right now. Sorry, Brain. We want to go after Neal, but we believe he’s holding the idol, so we take out someone that they never see coming, Aubry.
26. Michele (2/3): I think Jason probably thinks that he’s on top. He’s the one who’s constantly going, “Hey, this is what’s going on. This is what this person said. This is the way that we’re going.” So it looks like Brawn and Beauty are kind of together. But Brawn is way too controlling and I never counted out working with Brain.
27. Aubry (4/8): I’m on board with the Brains sticking together, but someone is going to have to get their head out of their butt and start talking to people like a normal human being. I think it’s pretty obvious that people are… irritated by Debbie, and if we don’t get the Beauties on our side, the Brains are screwed.
28. Nick (6/11): I’m still open to working with the Brains tribe, but Debbie is aggravating me at this point. She almost takes strategy in her own hands for the Brains tribe, and I don’t want anybody having more power than I do in this game.
29. Neal (2/5): We know that we have to get at least two of the Beauties on board, but people are so turned off by Debbie. It’s bad. We’re in a bad situation.
30. Aubry (5/8): I’m getting a good roller coaster out of Survivor, man. I was thinking we’re screwed. But now, it turns out Neal has the Hidden Immunity Idol. This is what we needed to start doing things. The game is on. Let’s go.
31. Neal (3/5): Tonight it will be the four Brains going up against the bullies, against the Brawn. Fortunately, I have the idol, and if I think I need to play it, I’ll play it. I could save myself or maybe pass it on to Aubry, and hopefully, we’ll take control of this game.
32. Nick (7/11): Tonight is the first Tribal Council after the merge, and pretty much everything is at stake of where the dominoes will fall, or so I believe. It’s Brawn versus Brains, and I’m in the middle, along with Beauty, for the most part. We’re like the pretty girl at the dance -- you’re either going home with the quarterback or you’re going home with the valedictorian. It’s a fun position to be in. It’s fun being the pretty girl. I never felt like a pretty girl before, but now I do. It feels great.
33. Scot (4/5): The Brains are screwed. We’re going to just pick them off one by one until they’re gone. The best-case scenario is Neal plays an idol because he’s paranoid, but Aubry goes home anyway. I feel confident in our alliance of Beauty and Brawn right now, because everybody seems to feel very comfortable going, “Hey, why not? We’ll just take the Brains out.” And then once we get to seven, then we’ll figure it out, even though Jason and I already have it figured out. (laughs)
34. Nick (8/11): Right now, I’m leaning towards Brawn and voting out one of the Brains right away. But Scot and Jason are always going to be overconfident, and when everybody feels safe is when you do your damage.
35. Neal (4/5): Nick, I believe, wants to go with us. So now we have to convince Michele to come on board. We need to have six, but in a moment of desperation, all I have to do is reach into the family jewels… and grab out the idol.
36. Aubry (6/8): To gain power in this game, the Brains need Nick, the Brains need Michele. I want a Brawn gone. And we have to start making stuff happen. The Brains don’t get Nick and Michele, Neal and I are playing the idol.
37. Michele (3/3): You know, I’d love to work with Aubry and Debbie, but I’m not sure strategically it’s my best option. So I think I have to just kind of, you know, assess the relationships more. I could go whichever way I wanted right now, so I’m figuring out really what is best for me.
38. Nick (9/11): It makes sense to go with Brawn right now because I do believe I can manipulate them (snaps finger) just like that, and beat them in puzzles (snaps finger) just like that. They’re just idiots. I like Aubry. I would hang out with Aubry more than any other girls here. But, unfortunately, at Tribal Council tonight, Aubry’s going home.
39. Nick (10/11): I know how big of a decision this is. I think I’m making the right decision. I’ll see when the game ends if it is or if it isn’t.
40. Scot (5/5): Getting ready for Tribal tonight and then all of a sudden, Jeff’s coming. The doctor is coming to us. Immediately, red flags went up. Jeff doesn’t do this. The doctors don’t do this. At least one of us is in serious enough condition that they would come to us. This season of Survivor, it’s tough.
41. Debbie (4/4): It’s brutal. It’s absolutely brutal out here, and a little thing blows up into a huge deal. If I lose Aubry to an injury, that changes the whole ballgame here.
42. Neal (5/5): The infection on my back just looks really gross, but I think it’ll be fine. If medical tries to pull me from this game, they are going to have to literally drag me out of here.
43. Aubry (7/8): I know it took everything within Neal not to get upset because he wants to play so badly, and he just told us how lucky we were to be here… (pauses) and he’s right. But, like, really, my number one ally? Gone. (wipes away tears) So Neal’s going, and it’s on the tip of my tongue, “What about the idol?” And I’m just hoping he would give me the idol.
44. Nick (11/11): Aubry was going home, and thanks to some lucky medical evacuation, she lives for maybe another day or two.
45. Aubry (8/8): I didn’t think I’d be crying this much on Survivor, but there have been ups and downs and right when I thought that… (sniffles) we were going to get some traction under us, my biggest ally is out of the game, I got a nice little bulge on my leg that everyone got to see, and I’m thinking to myself, “With Neal gone, there is no way the Beauties join the Brains and the idol went home with Neal.” That son of a bitch. Really, Neal left me hanging, but Survivor is a path. You pave your way by yourself. It’s like going on the Oregon Trail. You have to ford every river, you have to caulk every wagon, you have to up the hills and down the hills, and sometimes you get dysentery and die. You have to pave your own way.
1. Joe (1/1): Today I don’t feel very powerful at all that we lost Neal. ‘Cause with Neal being gone, it totally screws up our numbers. The Brain tribe is three -- Debbie, myself and Aubry. So, we’re low totem, and it’s in state of flux right now. I want to see if there are other options. That’s a whole thing now. I got to put my thinking cap on.
2. Jason (1/4): We’re pretty united together, Beauty and Brawn, and pretty set in stone that the Brains all gotta go. As far as I know, Neal went home with an idol, but if he left it in the game somehow, the plan moving forward now is to split the vote each time, make sure if there is an idol, it’s played, but we’re always safe, because we’re seven to three.
3. Aubry (1/2): I can kind of just sense what’s going on. This is totally like high school. You look at our camp, and it’s divided by the tough guys and around them are the girls who are kind of pretty and get along really well with those people and then kind of the people who are maybe a little shyer, a little bit nerdy on the outside. But the jocks and the pretty people, they’re not going to sit pretty forever. They age and get overripe, and then they’re done, and eventually the misfits get revenge. If I find a crack or start a little bit of trouble, I might be able to find my way in.
4. Jason (2/4): I came into this game saying I wasn’t going to use my daughters to get ahead, but if someone asks me about my kids, I just tell the truth, because I was naive to autism until we put the pieces together and my daughter got diagnosed with it.
5. Jason (3/4): If anything, it makes people aware that there’s families out there that have kids with autism, and it’s very expensive. And it’s way more widely popular than people believe. It was never meant to help me out, but I think it made a lot of them realize I’m not just this deviant, dominant muscle, but that I’m human too.
6. Cydney (1/5): Jason chose a nice opportunity to open up about his life. People definitely tend to see a more brawny, angrier, just loud type of Jason. I’ve seen-- I mean, I’ve seen all aspects at this point. Like, it was good for them to see it, at the same time I’m like, “Hold up,” you can see how he’d be more of a challenge to beat now towards the end. I mean, like, I could give him some money, too! At this point, it’s my own game, I got to figure out who I can trust and who I need to go and who’s gonna get me further. You have to think about the big picture now. Who will you beat? That’s the question.
7. Aubry (2/2): (tearfully) When people say in Survivor that one bad decision is a snowball effect, damn, I feel the avalanche right now. It’s like I can’t get my head above water. First Neal is out of the game. Then I picked the team, and apparently it was a big mess up. It sucks, I wanted so much more than this and I’m not giving up. I just feel like I keep making bad decision after bad decision. (gasps and sniffles)
8. Scot (1/2): We walk into camp after the Reward Challenge, and the winning group of five got to go to the, uh, ice cream parlor.
9. Scot (2/2): And the other five had to go sit in purgatory and listen to us eat ice cream from fifteen, twenty feet away.
10. Debbie (1/2): The ice cream was a awesome treat. It was fantastic to have a moment of being full, of knowing you’re well stocked for tomorrow with glucose, and I didn’t feel sorry for the losers one bit.
11. Michele (1/3): I think that Jason does think that he’s in charge of a lot of things over at this camp, and, you know, Jason is just an assertive person. He yells over them, “Guys, you can be a little bit more loud about it if you want,” and honestly, I really respected the way that they handled it.
12. Julia (1/1): The reward, it was kind of like a random group of people, so we couldn’t talk strategy, but it was the perfect opportunity to build the bonds, and I think that Scot and I could definitely work well together. I like having him on my team. He’s awesome.
13. Nick (1/4): Scot and Jason are worried about an all-girls alliance. Me? Not so much. I don’t think it exists, but whatever.
14. Nick (2/4): After the girls get back, I want to just be updated with Julia, get on the same page with Julia, strategy-wise.
15. Cydney (2/5): One thing about Nick, he is the most indiscreet person on this island. He literally walked maybe fifty steps where I can turn and see you standing and talking. How stupid can you be? My face was starting to twitch and I was like, “Oh, my goodness. You-- I’m gonna snap.” Nick came back, and he looks at Scot and Jason and was like, “Oh, she didn’t say anything,” and I’m like, brrr… (shocked face).
16. Jason (4/4): Scot, myself and Nick brought up the idea, “Hope they’re not talking all-girl alliance.” And then later, Nick took it upon himself to go ask one of the girls, but that pissed Cydney off. Paranoia is gonna kick in at a certain point with everybody, and I think she hit it sooner than we anticipated.
17. Cydney (3/5): And it’s like, the boys can talk to whomever, and then when I talk to somebody, “Uh-oh, is there a girls alliance?,” and I’m like, “Oh, no, no, no , no, no, no, no!” You haven’t seen irritated Cydney. Irritated Cydney would blow the whole game up. I’m calling out your idol. I don’t give a damn. The current plan is to split the votes for Aubry and Miss Debbie until all the Brains are gone, but if the guys have to go, the guys gotta go.
18. Tai (1/1): Tonight, all the Beauty vote for Debbie. All the Brawn vote for Aubry. I’m safe tonight, but who know? I won the individual Immunity Challenge. I earned that. That was one hell of a… challenge.
19. Nick (3/4): So the plan for tonight is that we’re splitting the votes between Debbie and Aubry, and so if there’s an idol being played, we’ll get that out of the way, but Debbie should be going home. And Aubry is in a weak position. So somebody’s gotta take advantage of it. It should be me, at least that’s what I think.
20. Nick (4/4): This is not typical of me to reveal my true self, but, hey, if no one is going to take advantage of Aubry, I will. When you’re at your weakest, I’m right there for you, and she knows it, but she can’t do anything about it. Not right now.
21. Cydney (4/5): At the Immunity Challenge, Nick’s arrogance is really getting the best of him. He’s just is so confident it’s ridiculous. Nick is getting a little too big for his britches and he just rubbed me the wrong way.
22. Debbie (2/2): Lo and behold, Cydney approaches me and Aubry and says, “Let’s take out Nick.” I was still kind of hoping Nick would come around and we could take out Jason or Scot, but Nick, the early bird catches the worm.
23. Cydney (5/5): My best interest moving forward is to make sure that all the girls stay as close as possible. It makes more sense for me to be in a game with all women. If it backfires, oh, well, I’ll be the first person to make a move in this game.
24. Michele (2/3): Cydney would like to get Nick out. She thinks that he’s a threat and I agree. But he’s also in my alliance, and I do think that I could work with him a little bit longer, so I don’t know if that really works for me right now. The original plan was to go with Debbie being out, so there are a lot of choices at this point, and it’s trying to figure out really what’s right for me and Julia.
25. Michele (3/3): You definitely feel the electricity in the air before Tribal. There is a power struggle happening right now and it’s really evident in camp. There’s a lot of big egos, a lot of personality. I want to be able to make a move that does solidify my title as somebody who earned it, and it’s all figuring out timing.
1. Scot (1/6): Well, the girls pulled a good one and, uh, blindsided us, basically. Clearly, the status of the Brawn alliance is done. It’s now Jason and I… and Tai.
2. Tai (1/4): At Tribal Council, I said, “Jeff, there’s a Super Idol,” and… oh, no, I opened my mouth again. So I panicked, and then I vote for Jason, but I was so fearful how I’m going to explain that Jason vote because I can't lie too well, so I say, “I vote for Debbie.”
3. Tai (2/4): There’s only three of us, but we have two idol, and could form together-- could be a Super Idol.
4. Jason (1/2): We’re going to take the machete and ax and take away their ability to do things just to weaken their soul a little. It’s psychological warfare. I did it in the military. I do it in bounty hunting. You cut off all their ties, mess with their mind. Keep ‘em weak. Look for the cracks, look for the weakness, read between the lines to try and strike. I love psychological warfare.
5. Tai (3/4): I know this is a game, I have to play all the strategy, but the way Jason and Scot go at things is so extreme. When we talk about taking away all the food, all the stuff from the girl, that make me uncomfortable. It’s not how I approach life, it’s not how I approach solv-- problem solving. And I’m not part of that, but I cannot control what they do.
6. Scot (2/6): The main reason for sabotage is to weaken them, because it could cause somebody to crack, and I’m hoping that it switches things up. So it’s time to try to make life as miserable as possible for everybody else.
7. Scot (3/6): We took the machete, we took the ax, we went back up in the jungle a little bit, and we hid the tools. Certainly, I’m not going to just lay down and say, “Hey, good game.” The only thing we can do right now is fight, and so we’re going to fight. And if fighting means making everybody else miserable in the process, that’s what I’m doing.
8. Debbie (1/2): Tribal Council was an absolutely beautiful thing. The people who thought they were completely in control find out it was all an illusion, and now they’re pissed off, so the feeling is very uncomfortable. It’s a testament to their character is what poor sportsmen they actually are. They are not gentlemen.
9. Joe (1/2): This morning, woke up and, uh, one of the girls, I think it was Michele, was trying to find the machete, uh, and/or the ax… gone. They were taken by the Brawn. It’s ridiculous. You don’t go back and hide tools essential for the whole tribe.
10. Michele (1/2): The boys think that they can break us down and keep us down by doing these things, but we just use our smarts and figure out another way. We don’t need you big burly men to do it for us. We can figure it out. Within twenty minutes, we figured out a new method.
11. Scot (4/6): So I’m listening to the little, “Oh, we’re good. We got this. We’ll just cook up coconuts the old way and we going to be fine,” and I was mad already, but that was the tipping point. I was like, “Okay, well, you’re bragging again,” and now I’m steaming, so I’m going to do something stupid.
12. Michele (2/2): I just don’t like that kind of behavior. I don’t tolerate it in my regular life, and I d-- I don’t want to tolerate it out here either. So they can keep the power struggle going on, but we’re not going to back down. You know, we’re always going to find a way.
13. Cydney (1/3): Julia swoops over there and says she would go with the guys pretty, pretty quickly. And I was like, “Hold up! What’s really going on?”
14. Julia (1/3): I decided to go with the boys because at this point in the game, I know that kind of pulling in Sot and pulling in Jason could be really super beneficial to me. It’s time for me to start making moves and playing my game.
15. Aubry (1/10): Julia and the boys won the Reward Challenge, and soon as I saw she went over to the boys, I knew she was trying to get a better position for herself. She’s playing both sides, but I see right through Julia. I can’t trust her as far as I can throw her.
16. Jason (2/2): At today’s challenge, we won. It changes on the flip of a dime. That’s what makes this game so wonderful. We’re back on the upswing right now. We’re not at the top of that mountain, but Julia’s got us trucking back up it. We got a prayer.
17. Scot (5/6): Julia, Tai, myself, Jason and Mark the Chicken, we ate Chinese food and had a couple of beers. Everything was really, really good. But the best part about it is getting a chance to talk to Julia and pick her brain.
18. Julia (2/3): At this point in the game, you really have to be thinking long-term. I definitely have my other alliance that I feel confident in, but taking people like Scot and Jason to the end, who have betrayed people, who have caused chaos around camp, might be a good idea, because at this point anyone on the jury would not vote for them.
19. Debbie (2/2): Some people think Julia is playing both sides of the fence, but I don’t have one iota of concern about Julia flipping on us.
20. Cydney (2/3): My B.S. radar was going (rapidly moves index finger sideways) like this when Julia was talking to Miss Debbie. You think that’s strategic for you to automatically come from this group over here and come first question, “What’s our strategy for the next Tribal?” I don’t trust it. She thinks she’s slick. You can’t slick a slicker in any direction. I got it.
21. Aubry (2/10): Julia isn’t someone who wants to have alliances. She wants to ride the middle to the end. She’s playing both sides, but sometimes the guy in the middle of the road gets run over, and I hope it’s her.
22. Tai (4/4): I woke up in the middle of the night. I say, “You know what? I’m committed to the boy.” I was upset when Scot poured out that big fire. My heart get to it, but it’s necessary for me to step back from what I’m feeling-- compassionate. I like them, but if this is war, we’re going to make the other side uncomfortable. So I decided to put out the fire. I mean, right now it’s them and us. The evil side of me rarely come out, but it does.
23. Aubry (3/10): There’s a part of the sabotage that is certainly childish, but Scot and Jason were being deliberate today. That was to throw us off the scent to aim votes at them because they probably have idols. My gut tells me with a big blinking sign that Julia has to go.
24. Aubry (4/10): It’s killing me that Debbie is going with her emotion right now. Scot poured that water on the fire ‘cause he wanted a reaction. And I want to tell Debbie, “You’re being emotional, but you have to be logical right now.”
25. Aubry (5/10): Deb is putting her foot down, and I have gone with her on a lot of things, but I believe firmly that Julia needs to go home.
26. Aubry (6/10): The worst possible thing happened. Julia won. And my whole plan that I was positive of went out the window. Just out the window. What do I do now?
27. Aubry (7/10): Oh, no! Deb says, “This is the plan,” right in front of Julia, and that really scares me. In this scenario, the vote would be three for Scot, three for Tai and three that the boys decided. But Julia’s been playing double agent pretty well, and if one person goes awry, the whole thing blows up and someone you didn’t want to go home, totally gone.
28. Scot (6/6): If Julia decides to be our little guardian angel, and hopefully she votes Cydney, it’ll go 4-2-3, and Cydney goes home. But if Julia decides to go with the group she’s with, we’re pulling out all the stops, we’re saying we have idols, we’re pulling out everything we can think of to-to make sure we stick around. We don’t have an option.
29. Aubry (8/10): Debbie isn’t listening to any logic. She completely trusts Julia and this far into Survivor, I need someone who is logical and I know is not going to change course.
30. Aubry (9/10): This is incredibly difficult for me. I don’t want Debbie to go, but when people show me who they are, that’s what I’m going to go with.
31. Cydney (3/3): Aubry and I are on the same page in terms of Debbie will take us all down before Jason or Scot will. We can get them later.
32. Joe (2/2): Aubry said, “Well, should we take Debbie out?,” but there’s no need for that because we have such a viable force going.
33. Aubry (10/10): Right now, we need to talk to Julia and that’s really scary, because now Julia, the person I wanted out, is the person I need right now.
34. Julia (3/3): I definitely feel like having my hands in different alliances has given me a lot of power. I have the power right now to send Debbie home, and I have the power right now to send Cydney home. Jason, Scot and Tai really want Cydney gone. I consider Cydney a huge threat because she kind of talks to everyone. But Debbie is someone I wanted gone eventually, so it’s kind of who I choose to vote for.
1. Scot (1/6): Tribal was exciting! The boys are happy because none of us went home, none of us used their idols, so we think Tribal went very well.
2. Jason (1/3): Psy Ops-- psychological operations… it worked. And all we did was hide a machete and an ax and put a fire out. And they couldn’t handle it. We caused chaos. It fractured them, and it made them get rid of their own. We may not have gotten the person home that we wanted, but all three of us stayed. We got Julia on our side, and we still have the Super Idol. That’s a win in my book.
3. Tai (1/10): I would love to bring camp life back together. It’s all about mending relationship again. I think we need to say, you know, “Olive branch is there.” You gotta start somewhere.
4. Scot (2/6): I came into this game not wanting to be the Russell Hantz, kicking over the rice and pouring water on the fire like I did. I didn’t want to be that guy, but I had to make a point that we were the providers and that they weren’t going to eat and succeed without us.
5. Scot (3/6): Now we’re being the bigger people. We’re showing our maturity. We’re showing that we can come back in and be like nothing happened. Hopefully, Cydney continues to show everybody who she really is, which is brooding, petty, small.
6. Aubry (1/5): Scot was telling me essentially that camp life will be normal if he gets what he wants. It was kind of a soft, controlling move. It was him telling me what he wants, and what I will get in return, but it was served up with a birthday cake that was very sugary to make it seem a little less domineering. There was not a shot in hell I’m going to work with them, but I’m willing to let them think I’ll play along with it, and when it comes time to get out Scot, I’m ready to fight, but it’s a big, scary move.
7. Scot (4/6): So Tai wins the advantage. That’s the best thing that could’ve happened for our little alliance, but most importantly, Cydney didn’t win advantage, Cydney didn’t eat, and Cydney goes home.
8. Michele (1/2): It felt so good to beat Scot and Jason, because I know that they wanted that burger more than anything. It’s a little bit nerve-racking that Tai won an advantage, because everybody knows he has an idol… and it’s scary.
9. Tai (2/10): The note say to go to Tree Mail. My idol right now is kind of out in the open. It would be nice to have an advantage that was, like, hidden and no one would know I have it. Just like anything, the more people know, the less power it has. I open up the box, and the box say, “You have an extra vote.” An extra vote? That’s a lot of power, and I can play it any time until up to five people are left. I found an idol. I have an extra vote. And I’m scared of what’s the right thing to do. It’s a rich man’s problem, but I have to trust myself. Otherwise, I might go home with both of them in my pocket.
10. Julia (1/3): I’ve kind of gone on this roller coaster throughout this game. From kind of figuring out how to get power, to getting power, to losing power when I went to Brawn beach, to coming back and having loved one letters kind of gives you that-- just, like, boost to keep going because, you know, it’s who you’re playing for. (reading letter) “Every day know that you are in our hearts, so hang tight and be fierce because you know our love runs so deep and it grows every day. And have the greatest soul-searching experience of a lifetime.” Oh, my God, I’m gonna cry. Try not to cry. But it keeps you going. And it was kind of a moment for me to, like, step back and realize that I’m here to play and the goal is to win. And to do that, I gotta make big moves.
11. Julia (2/3): Tai is definitely a threat at this point. So what I want to do is flush out these idols, but also stay loyal to my alliance with Jason and Scot.
12. Michele (2/2): The three guys have two idols. That is a huge problem and we gotta flush out the idols or we gotta get rid of the guys, one or the other.
13. Aubry (2/5): Julia wants to throw all the votes at Tai at the next Tribal and to make sure the idol goes. Julia is duplicitous, but at the same time, she’s playing a good game. I can respect that… (pauses) but I don’t know that I want her next to me. She is super shady, and people like Michele don’t see through it. I think Julia is going to wait until the numbers are perfect and she can take out the girls. And if I have to turn on her, I’m not afraid to get my hands dirty.
14. Tai (3/10): Out here, I really struggle with people taking advantage of other people, all the lying, all the cheating. I keep telling myself, “It’s a game.” But it seems really difficult for me to do that.
15. Tai (4/10): My heart say, “I like that girl Aubry a lot.” Out here, most people I don’t have much in common with, but she has a certain energy that I really like.
16. Aubry (3/5): I went out on a limb talking to Tai. But I wanted Tai to know that Julia’s gunning for him, and I am an alternative to the way Jason and Scot and Julia are playing this game.
17. Tai (5/10): I’m excited Aubry is on my side. I think she’s a good contribution to the alliance. Together we could be a great partnership. I think Scot and Jason, they’re going to like it. If that’s the case, then everything is beautiful.
18. Tai (6/10): Seems like, I have no say in our alliance. I’m not part of the discussion. I always participate, but seems like they’re-- is so forceful.
19. Tai (7/10): Those two boys are running the show. That’s why I’m feeling a bit like an outsider. And I don’t know what to do.
20. Scot (5/6): This plan works so much better than just going blindly at Cydney because it wasn’t an emotional decision. As long as Tai and Jason and myself remain faithful, which I don’t see why we wouldn’t, we got a pretty good path to get to the final three, so we just need to make sure Aubry doesn’t win immunity.
21. Jason (2/3): Thankfully, we beat Aubry, and winning immunity, it lets us play our idol as a Super Idol. So Scot, Tai and I, no matter what happens, us three are safe. And from here on out, we’re unstoppable.
22. Jason (3/3): The Immunity Challenge went better than I ever could have dreamed. We went there knowing we couldn’t let Aubry win immunity. Finally Cydney went down and it was between Aubry and I, and I won. And that’s huge. I have the Immunity Necklace and we have two Hidden Immunity Idols, which combined become the Super Idol. And what’s so great about the Super Idol is we can play it after the vote is read. And no one but the three of us knows that. So Aubry’s going home, and there’s nothing she can do.
23. Scot (6/6): Julia, our little double agent, is coming over and telling us the girls are voting for Tai, and that’s fine. We’ll just play the Super Idol and save him, but what they don’t know is we’re going after Aubry. It’s the best strategic move, because she’s very smart, she’s very savvy, plus she’s tough. And that’s another reason for her to go, because she is such a threat in the challenges.
24. Julia (3/3): I am stoked right now. The girls and myself are going to vote for Tai and flush his idol. And Scot and Jason aren’t really too worried about that because at some point they want Tai gone anyway. They’d rather go to the final three with me, and that would be awesome because they’ve ruined relationships with almost every single person out here, and that’s the kind of people you want to sit with at the end of this game.
25. Cydney (1/1): With all those idols, the guys are just too damn powerful. But we have to find a way to get one of them out. I think we should try to blindside Scot just because he’s just so confident it’s ridiculous. He’s definitely gotten a lot cockier since he found the idol with Jason. And I’m like, “Simmer down. You would not have that without me, so shut up.”
26. Aubry (4/5): At this point, the guys are in a really strong position, but I feel like I have some kind of connection with Tai. I think Tai is someone who wants to be true to himself. And Tai’s natural state isn’t with Jason and Scot. And I think he’s smart enough to know that he can’t be that incongruent at the end of the day.
27. Tai (8/10): I’m very torn about this vote. The big thing is where it’s going to put me at the end.
28. Tai (9/10): My heart say, “You know… I’d like to work with Aubry,” and my instinct is to trust her, but my brain is telling me to stay with the boys because they’ve pissed off a lot of people, and if the three of us go to the final three, maybe I have a good chance of beating them.
29. Aubry (5/5): This is a huge vote. And Tai holds all of the keys in this game. But I have no idea what he’s going to do.
30. Tai (10/10): At this point, I truly don’t know which way I’m leaning, but I’m not here to make good friend. I’m here to win that million dollar. So I just have to figure out what’s best for me, and I have to commit to it, ‘cause after that there’s no turning back.
1. Tai (1/4): We blindsided Scot. It’s a big move. The littlest guy took out the biggest guy… this season.
2. Tai (2/4): Scot and Jason, those two guy talk over me, and so this is me getting control of my own game. We have power now. And I have the most power because I have the idol and the extra vote.
3. Jason (1/7): Tai turned. Never saw it coming. The one and only thing that could go wrong, went wrong. Tai made a play. Scot was holding my idol, and unfortunately, he got eliminated. Once that happens, you can’t give it back. So it’s gone. I lost my partner and I lost an idol, all on the same moment. Now I’m on the scramble from here on out.
4. Julia (1/3): So I was definitely playing both sides, but Aubry, Joe, Tai and Cydney formed a little alliance, um, that no one else was aware of and voted out Scot. Now Michele and I have gone down a few notches after tonight’s vote, so…
5. Aubry (1/5): I can't stop smiling. We voted off Scot, and it feels so good, and just changed the entire dynamic of the game. Right now we have the numbers, and Jason doesn't have his idol anymore. So hopefully, Jason loses and we can get rid of him and be on our merry way.
6. Tai (3/4): I’m reminding myself all the time Survivor’s a game and I just pulled a big move, but this is the first time ever I did this to anybody, lie in such a big, big lie, it’s a big betrayal. I want to have a talk with Jason just because he trusted me and I betray him. It’s hurtful. I felt-- it’s really hurt-- I-I feel bad.
7. Jason (2/7): Tai did apologize to me this morning. It was a half-ass apology, but I can’t let them see how much it made me angry. Really, I just want revenge right now. Oh, it infuriated me that I left without an idol or an ally, and Tai’s still got all his stuff. You know, for a guy with a big ol’ heart, he sure flip-flops a lot. Screws a lot of people over. You screwed me over, and you’re gonna have the same fate because of it… and he deserves it.
8. Michele (1/6): I’m glad that me and Cydney decided on Aubry to go on reward, you know, because last night I was on the outside of the vote. So, at some point I have to be like, “Alright, this is my game and this is a really good opportunity to make sure that I am in with them and that they trust me and that they want to move forward with me.”
9. Jason (3/7): It’s pretty bleak right now. It really is, but I’m not giving up yet. I can’t. For my family I can’t. I have to keep trying. I’ma do my best, and I’ma try manipulate this people and find a crack somewhere.
10. Cydney (1/4): The feeling flying through the air, I was just cheesing left and right. Like, I (chuckles) was just like, “This is great.” It’s an experience you never forget for the rest of your life.
11. Aubry (2/5): I’m on a helicopter zooming around this beautiful beach, and it’s ours to share together. That’s… I mean, Survivor’s about once-in-a-lifetime experiences. This is just a nice pick-me-up to refuel and reset for the next eleven days.
12. Michele (2/6): I get by in my life on my social skills. I build relationships, and that’s what’s gotten me this far in the game. Me and Julia are a tight two, and as much as I trust her and I love working with her, we’re just two people. To get back into the group, I’m going to have to make them trust me. So I want to make sure that just because I was out in the vote, didn’t mean that I was out in their alliance.
13. Aubry (3/5): Michele has proved herself. She’s voted every time with us, except the one where we had to leave her out, so I trust her.
14. Michele (3/6): I do feel reintegrated into the group, and that actually says a lot about my ability to keep people’s faith in me, just by staying happy, staying humble, staying sane and hopefully my loyalty will make them want to keep me for a little bit longer.
15. Cydney (2/4): Right now, we need to keep our alliance with Tai very, very strong because at the end of the day, he can get us further. With the fact that Tai has a Hidden Immunity Idol and an advantage means it would be better to get him out as soon as possible, and we can use Michele to do it. That’s what I need to get to the end of the game. When to make this big move? That’s the big question.
16. Jason (4/7): I’m at the bottom. It sucks. I mean, I’m not going to quit. You gotta try. There is room. There’s always room. There’s always a way to squeeze in somewhere. It’s do you find it in time? And I can’t believe I’m this close. I want to get a little closer. I just gotta figure out how.
17. Julia (2/3): Tai is a huge threat in this game because, you know, Tai has this Hidden Immunity Idol. He’s got this advantage. And, you know, Tai’s gonna win… if he gets to the final three. So we need to get someone to realize it’s stupid not to use Jason, Michele and I’s numbers right now to get rid of Tai.
18. Jason (5/7): We got a plan for Tai. You know, I see a clear shot at getting with Julia, Michele, but you need four. It only really lefts Cydney. Cydney likes to blindside. That’s obvious. Maybe she’s looking for another big play. We had a good relationship in the beginning. Maybe she flips. I gotta sell, sell, sell.
19. Cydney (3/4): I think I put myself in a great position. I have my options open. And at this point in the game, it’s all about what’s best for me. It’s a ‘me’ game, not a ‘we’ game. And if I think that staying with my alliance is what’s best for me, that’s what I have to do. If I think jumping ship to take out Tai will get me further, that’s what I have to do. It’s a win-win for me no matter what.
20. Julia (3/3): If you’re a true fan of this game, you know it’s designed to be vicious, and you’re not going to win if you just kind of are loyal and float through it. You have to cheat and steal and mess things up, and I think this blindside of Tai could definitely change the game.
21. Jason (6/7): I needed to get that win, and I got nothing! I got one swing at the plate. We just have to make sure Cydney and Michele are on board with this plan to get rid of Tai or I’m screwed.
22. Aubry (4/5): Since the reward, it’s four plus Michele. Jason and Julia are on the outs. Jason’s a ticking time bomb, so tonight seems like a super easy vote, but not sure if that’s the best move right now.
23. Aubry (5/5): Jason is a physical threat, but he’s also a very polarizing character. When it comes to the jury, there are going to be people who love him and people who hate him, so I don’t think he can win at the end of the day. The thing about Julia is not only is she a well-rounded player when it comes to the physical part of things, Julia doesn’t really have any blood on her hands but has proven herself to be strategic enough to be able to dodge and maneuver to keep herself in this game.
24. Michele (4/6): I was originally on board when we were voting Jason, but now they decided they want Julia out. It freakin’ sucks. In a perfect world, I would love to go further with Julia. I mean, I trust her wholeheartedly, and, you know, she’s proved herself to me over and over and over again, and we’ve been together since Day 1, so I don’t want to have to write down the name of my biggest ally.
25. Tai (4/4): I don’t want to hear my name. It’s never good in Survivor. I don’t trust and I’m feel a bit uncomfortable with Michele and Cydney. This is Survivor game and I have to dot my “T” and cross my “I,” or whatever-- however you say it. So tonight I’m bringing my idol and my advantage. I’m not going to go home with an idol in my pocket.
26. Michele (5/6): You know, earlier I told everyone I was going to vote for Julia to keep everyone happy and to lock in that I’m with them a 100%, but if Jason and Julia really do have Cydney, then the Tai vote could work out and it would also save Julia, which is great, because it’s been killing me to think that I would have to go against her.
27. Jason (7/7): So I’m hoping we have the numbers to get rid of Tai, but it doesn’t mean things are guaranteed. Tai plays his idol, he stays, one of us goes.
28. Cydney (4/4): Tonight Michele and I have two options. We can either go with Julia and Jason and blindside Tai, or do the original plan of going with our alliance and blindsiding Julia.
29. Michele (6/6): A lot is riding on tonight's Tribal for me. I have a decision to make regarding my relationship with Julia and my alliance. I don’t want to backstab either side. I’m struggling to decide what action needs to be taken. It can really affect your game mentally and emotionally. All I can do is fight and play my game.
1. Jason (1/5): Tribal Council was a little heated. People now can see I can preach. I know how to talk. I do it every day in my job. I make mothers rat their sons up. You gotta take the opportunities when they come. Now is the time to start making changes.
2. Michele (1/4): You know, Jason kind of hit me and Cyd real hard. And, like, I do think it would be smart to go to to the end with him, but I don’t want to put doubt at all in my alliance, so that’s why I voted Julia, because there is no better way to show my loyalty than to vote out my biggest ally in this game.
3. Aubry (1/4): All of a sudden, Tai kind of revealed he has an advantage, which is an extra vote, and a Hidden Immunity Idol. It’s a little scary. Tai has so many different levels of control, and I gotta keep on Tai’s side.
4. Tai (1/8): Right now, my alliance is Aubry and Joe-- that we are tight group of three already, and Cydney is number four, and then that leaves Michele and Jason. So the next vote will be either Jason, or he might be a lesser threat than Michele. Michele is a little more rounded player. So I have a extra vote for one of them.
5. Tai (2/8): I start digging and I saw this grub. It’s fat. It’s kind of nasty. I say, “Oh, maybe Mark-- see if Mark will go for it.”
6. Jason (2/5): I gave up hope on eating that chicken days ago. Everyone loves that stupid chicken. Mark’s guaranteed to see Day 39 right now in this game. I’m definitely between a rock and a hard place right now. Pretty frustrated. I’m not really allowed to play the game ‘cause no one will strategize with me. They are set in their ways, and everything lands on deaf ears.
7. Joe (1/4): I don’t think Jason has any respect for much that doesn’t go his way.
8. Joe (2/4): When it doesn’t go his way, he’s vulgar and just tries to bulldoze you, but I think people see through that.
9. Jason (3/5): At this point, I had one card to play. It’s the lazy card. I just lay around and I eat their food. I don’t help them with firewood. I don’t help them with anything. Why? Why help the hand that’s trying to kill me? Doing that has made them go, “He’s not winning any votes. Let’s just keep him around.”
10. Tai (3/8): So it’s very exciting to be going on that reward and I love animal, but… (sighs) I’m-I’m just worried. I-I just worry too much, while I’m gone, the team going to fall apart back at camp.
11. Joe (3/4): We lost the challenge. It was Aubry, myself and, uh, Cydney.
12. Joe (4/4): I, uh, I performed like a, uh, six-month-old, so I’m embarrassed by it, but, hey, what are you going to do?
13. Cydney (1/2): I’m sitting here trying to get a meal (air quotes), a.k.a. five pieces of coconut down my throat, and apparently I sat down too long and then I have to get up off my butt and find firewood. I was like, “Oh, no, no, no, no, no. I don’t care what your struggle is, how tired you are, keep that to yourself.” I don’t do orders well. It’s been proven this whole entire game ‘cause that was what happened with the Brawn tribe. I don’t think Mister Joe understands the concept that you don’t need large flames to keep the fire going throughout the day. I mean, we’re in the middle of Kaôh R?ng. Like, “Listen, we don’t need no more heat, baby.”
14. Aubry (2/4): I don’t know what Joe’s problem is. He wants to burn the damn place down. I don’t know. And it’s hard, too, because Cydney is not going to be bossed around and told what to do, and the last thing I need is Cydney kind of blowing up the game, because then we’re screwed.
15. Michele (2/4): Me, Jason and Tai went to the wildlife sanctuary, and we had this wonderful picnic set up. I was in heaven.
16. Tai (4/8): We were at this beautiful hut. We were having such a great time. We saw an elephant walk up. Nick, the director of Wildlife Alliance, he brought the elephant in, uh, Lucky. Uh, she’s sixteen year old and she was wonderful.
17. Jason (4/5): My daughter, with her having autism, for whatever reason, animals have always been a big part of her life, where you can tell it gives her comfort. It’s that sense of softness and stimulization and awareness that she’s needed. And it was pretty cool to know that I was doing something my little baby would love so much. She’s going to be blown away that dad’s hanging out with animals. Like, who’s dad does that?
18. Tai (5/8): It’s fitting that Jason was there. Jason has a daughter who has autism. And his daughter seeing the monkey hang out with him, while he was able to touch the elephant. I’m definitely warming up to him a lot more. Even though Jason is very persuasive at Tribal, Michele didn’t make any enemy with the jury. So, right now, I think Michele should go next.
19. Michele (3/4): I think Jason wants to seem a little bit softer than he is. I want to think that he’s enjoying the animals and doing it for his kids, but when the machete and the axe situation happened, I saw that evil side come out. So if Jason doesn’t win immunity, best-case scenario for me would be get Jason out next.
20. Tai (6/8): For tonight’s Tribal, I decided Michele is a bigger threat than Jason. So I’m going to try to convince the group to vote for Michele.
21. Tai (7/8): Unfortunately, Michele joined us four, and group haven’t come to a decision yet, but most likely it’s gonna be Michele.
22. Tai (8/8): Michele thinks Jason is the next one to go, but for tonight’s vote, I’m going to use my extra vote-- put that for Michele. So maybe we have like, I don’t know, four or five number and we see what happen.
23. Jason (5/5): Tai comes up to me and goes, “Vote Michele.” But I can’t trust Tai. He’s already turned on me once. You know, I want to vote for Joe, so I don’t know what I’m going to do. Pretty much playing it by ear at this point.
24. Cydney (2/2): Jason was supposed to be voted off a long time ago, so hopefully, I can try to convince people why Jason needs to go before Michele. Tai is trying to dictate what goes on, and I’m like, “No. You’re trying to intimidate people into going with your decision.” Like, Joe feels intimidated, and so that leaves a little suspicion into my eyes. That is-- it’s not-not sitting too right with me.
25. Michele (4/4): Little did I know that Tai has my head on the chopping block and is putting in their heads that he wants me out. But I was kind of on a tight time limit to talk to people who I haven’t talked to, so tonight for me at Tribal, I’m going to do some damage control and hope that Jason can go and I can last another day in this game.
26. Aubry (3/4): Tai kind of decided that we were getting rid of Michele, and I actually agree with that decision. Michele has pissed nobody off and everyone gets along with Michele, but it wasn’t the most democratic thing I’ve ever seen. (pauses) And Cydney thinks it’s the wrong decision, and she’s not going to be told what to do. But then Tai is part of my core alliance, so it’s a tough spot to be in. I’m in a weird position.
27. Aubry (4/4): (wipes away tears) I just feel mentally exhausted today. This is a rough one. (sighs and sniffles) I have no clue who I’m voting for tonight. It’s going to be a game-time decision. I think Tribal’s gonna be alive, and I think I might be someone waking it up.
1. Tai (1/11): I just come back tonight after Tribal… I’m trying to think what exactly happened. I thought everybody vote for Michele, but all four of them vote for Jason, so my extra vote was just wasted tonight. And I was in the dark. And that’s the worst thing to do, to be kept outside the circle.
2. Michele (1/12): Tai voted both of his votes towards me, because, obviously, he wants to put me on the outs, and it’s kind of like a slap in the face. Fortunately, I kind of lucked out that Cydney did protect me, but I did get votes against me, so I don’t know where I stand, and I could get voted out next.
3. Tai (2/11): I still really confused. I don’t know exactly what happened. Aubry’s the one that told me she felt strongly that Michele should go home, so my feelings is hurt, especially Aubry. She’s the only one I truly trust. And I feel like she pull a fast one on me.
4. Aubry (1/10): I left Tai out of the loop on the vote because Tai has had so much control in this game, and I needed to reclaim it. But Tai feels like I betrayed him, and that’s very big to Tai when he feels like he’s been hurt. And so I’m not sure I can work with Tai.
5. Tai (3/11): I felt completely alone. I don’t know who to trust. Most worried about is Aubry and Joe. I put all my egg in that basket, and I don’t know where to move from here.
6. Aubry (2/10): I chose Cydney to go on reward because everything is kind of up in the air with Tai, so that kind of forces me to look at what my other options are to go to the end.
7. Michele (2/12): As I was leaving the Reward Challenge, all I’m thinking is, “Okay, Cydney, Aubry and Joe, that’s maybe final three.” So I definitely have to take a risk and try and find a way to change the pecking order.
8. Aubry (3/10): We land on this gorgeous beach, and we scarf and gorge ourselves on all this magnificent food. It’s like… heaven.
9. Joe (1/5): I cannot believe that I won today. I was absolutely thrilled. And then to get a more substantial meal, of, like, real meat and stuff, it’s a huge advantage for me. With six days to go, for me to be refortified like this is just beyond my… wishes. The whole reward couldn’t have been better.
10. Cydney (1/5): Mr. Joe is loading up on beef and beef and beef, like, it was bad. And I knew from my personal experience that Mr. Joe wasn't going to be in a good place later on.
11. Cydney (2/5): Aubry, Joe and myself could potentially be a final three, but I’m still trying to downplay myself as much as possible. So, at this point, I’m nodding, smiling, just going along for the ride, and I’ll be happy to win a million dollars as soon as I get there.
12. Aubry (4/10): Joe says I am the only threat basically in this game right now, and that Cydney was content just being in the final three, which is such baloney. It just made me realize, “Oh, my God, Cydney is a threat in this game!” She was a key part of some blindsides. She’s won a challenge, and to a degree, she’s more likable. So maybe if I don’t want to go to the final three with Cydney, Tai might be a better option for me.
13. Tai (4/11): We lose the challenge today, so Joe bring Aubry and Cydney. Obviously, those are the final three they’re thinking about. So, I’m genuinely hurt with Aubry ‘cause I don’t know where Aubry’s heart is.
14. Tai (5/11): I say coming to camp, I say, “Oh, no, how am I going to spend the next 24 hour or so with Michele where I just fought with her?” The only thing I can do is to air it out with her.
15. Michele (3/12): Tai says that he bases all of his relationships in this life on the chemistry that he feels with people. Hey, I get that. You have stronger connections with some people than with others, but when you’re in a game like this, you have to play all your avenues. I think what it comes down to is that me and Tai are very different people and we have very different perceptions on this game.
16. Tai (6/11): I think Michele and I, we are on the bottom. But, Michele and I was in the Beauty tribe before we merged. Maybe… she’s genuine. Maybe I missed something. And now I have an opportunity to get to know Michele a little bit better.
17. Michele (4/12): The spa menu of the day was a Tai massage. It’s a Tai massage because it’s Thai in method and Tai is the masseuse.
18. Michele (5/12): We are kind of having a poor man’s spa while they’re having their real man’s spa.
19. Michele (6/12): Who would have ever thought that Michele and Tai would have, you know, bonding massage and a dinner date? It’s like… I don’t know. What has this world come to?
20. Michele (7/12): I’m tentative to say anything or do anything with Tai after what happened last time, but me and Tai are… seemingly both on the outs.
21. Michele (8/12): It would be such a great move on our part, and completely shocking because I don't think anyone thinks at this point that me and Tai have the capability to work together.
22. Tai (7/11): The idea of working with Michele just never crossed my mind. But I just feel completely betrayed by Aubry. So I’m open to working with Michele ‘cause Aubry would never see that coming.
23. Tai (8/11): Survivor has to be the hardest thing I ever done. Not the physical part-- I actually enjoy all the hardship of basic daily living, but the most difficult part was the idea of trust and not trusting people. It-it take a toll on my-my emotion. And it is, hand down, the hardest thing I ever done in my life.
24. Aubry (5/10): After the reward, coming back to camp, I know that Cydney’s a threat, and my ideal final three is Tai and Joe. But my fear is that Tai is so emotionally needy that if he feels he’s been betrayed or slighted, he might just completely go another way. Today I need to talk to Tai and make things right. And at the end of the day, I know that Joe will go with what I go with.
25. Aubry (6/10): I need Tai to trust me and know that the only way to the end is for us to do it together.
26. Aubry (7/10): Tai has to feel that he can trust me. Because we have five people left, I need to be in a group of three people. If I have Joe and Tai, that’s three against two. That gives me the little bit of, hopefully, power I need to get through the next vote, and I have (crosses fingers) my fingers crossed right now that Tai’s going to the end with me.
27. Tai (9/11): Aubry really poured her heart out to me, say, you know, “We need each other.” That made me feel so comfortable and like a relief of this burden. It’s really take a toll on my emotion, and I just… (sighs) I break-break down a little bit. So far I played the game with my heart, so it feel right that Aubry’s on my side, and I have a tender spot for her from the beginning.
28. Cydney (3/5): I’m aligned with Joe and Aubry pretty tough at this point, so when I see Aubry and Tai come back from the water well, it was like a little too comfortable of a conversation. It was like a conversation you would have with an ally. Tai’s the same person who-who I thought we wanted to get out, but I can read things very, very well, and that didn’t sit too well with me. It seemed very, very suspect.
29. Cydney (4/5): Michele’s been pretty much trustworthy this whole time. So I rather have her around to strategize with, but I kind of want to keep it under wraps like I’ve been doing and hope that I don’t screw myself in the midst of trying to better my game at the same time.
30. Michele (9/12): It’s crazy the way that things turn here. I mean, I thought I was on the outs, but me and Cydney have had a great relationship for a really long time, and me and Tai have our plan. So now it looks like we can pick and choose who we would want out, Joe or Aubry, and that would be a crazy twist in this game.
31. Joe (2/5): I’m a little beat up today. I’m having some problems here with my stomach. I ate all that meat yesterday. I’m bloated and I’m not passing any urine. I’m in a little discomfort right now in my stomach. I’m hoping that, uh, what I have going on right now is not serious.
32. Aubry (8/10): I’m worried about Joe. Joe is just a steady force for me. Joe is my second vote. Joe is my confidant. Joe is the anchor to my entire game. I want Joe to be okay. Joe needs to be okay right now. I need Joe to be okay.
33. Michele (10/12): It could be something that could pull him from the game. And when you’re this far in, five people, that’s the last thing that you want to see happen. But at the same time, if Joe goes, it’s beneficial for my game. And so, I feel bad, but it’s also positive. So… it’s weird.
34. Joe (3/5): Right now, I feel a little sick to my stomach because I’m still constipated as well as the pressure on my bladder. It hurts like crazy. So Medical is going to check on me and, uh, give me the first a-- a run over and make sure all my systems are pretty good.
35. Tai (10/11): Joe didn’t feel well so he wanted to go see Medical. If Joe go home it would screw up everything we planned for final three. I’m very, very nervous.
36. Joe (4/5): After, um, having medical visits and receiving medication, it tended to get a little bit better based on drinking all the water and being able to pass more urine. But I’m in pain all the time, and, uh, it’s significant. And to the point where I feel like I’m nauseous.
37. Michele (11/12): Joe has been so strong out here and to see something medically go wrong with him, it just goes to show how crazy this game can be. And you hope that it’s gonna be okay.
38. Michele (12/12): Every hour it seemed to get worse and worse, and he was doubled over, and I think he was masking a little bit of how bad, you know, how badly he was in pain.
39. Tai (11/11): Everybody was in tear. I was in tears. Cydney was in tear. Because, um, you know, he’s a dear, dear someone in our life. And it happened so quickly. He and I are both oldest in this whole tribe. I think there’s some kinship there.
40. Cydney (5/5): Mr. Joe was like my substitute grandfather. And just, he said the same thing my grandpa would say. He’d be just like (light chuckle), “Don’t cry, just keep-keep moving,” and he’s like, “Don’t cry on me.” So… he reminded me even more of my granddad at that point. (wipes away tear)
41. Joe (5/5): The pain is getting to a point where it's unbearable. And if I let it go, once I stop urinating it will be very, very bad and it will back up to my kidneys, and, you know, it wasn’t subsided to the point where I felt comfortable so I needed to see the doctor again.
42. Aubry (9/10): Joe leaving the game is like watching a family member being sick. It’s like, your worst nightmare, but you’re also relieved because you know Joe is going to get what he needs to feel better.
43. Aubry (10/10): It’s, like, déjà vu all over again. My biggest ally Neal goes out right after the merge. And now my other biggest ally, Joe is out. I feel bad for Joe, but this changes everything. I had a really good plan, and now everything is ruined. I don’t know what the hell is going to happen. Anything is possible.
1. Tai (1/9): Mark’s crowing again. That’s what chicken do. Dawn’s breaking right now. Everybody’s tired. They need to sleep. I can’t afford to have anybody upset at chicken, ‘cause chicken is associated with me directly, and… right now it’s coming at such a delicate time. Anything, however small, can upset people, and with Joe being gone, the game just switched again. I know I have Aubry, but two against two, I don’t know what’s my fate. I can’t use my idol anymore. The idol is only used for five. So, I feel vulnerable. I gotta be really, really careful. Otherwise, I might not be at the final, and I can’t-- just cannot afford that.
2. Aubry (1/16): Every time Jeff arrives on the beach, my closest ally goes home. It’s like, déjà vu all over again.
3. Aubry (2/16): Cydney and I have had a really good working relationship the whole game. We’ve worked together on every vote. So, I’m going to keep up hope that maybe me, Cydney and Tai can make it happen for the final three. Michele is the only person who has not pissed off anyone on that jury. She’s someone who has built very close personal relationships, and that’s a scary thing to me.
4. Cydney (1/5): My first thought after Joe is gone was, “I was in a good place with him here and I’m in an even better place now that he’s out of the game,” in my eyes, because now everybody wants to take me to the end. So I just need to make sure that I make it to the finale three and I’ll fight my way out from there.
5. Michele (1/12): Now that Joe was pulled from the game, alliances, they’re being reshifted. Everyone is trying to scramble for power. The beauty of this game is that you never know what’s gonna happen, and everything is up in the air right now. It’s anyone's game if you play your cards right.
6. Aubry (3/16): Winning the Reward Challenge was very important. And with Joe gone, I need to make sure that I’m on the right side of the vote. That means I need to have the trust of Cydney. So that meal had to go to Cydney in order to up my chances that we could beat Michele at the next Immunity Challenge.
7. Aubry (4/16): Today, it finally happened. No one was going to beat me. It was my time to win a challenge. I wanted Cydney to be fed and in a better place to win the Immunity Challenge tomorrow. This Immunity Challenge means everything because we don’t want Michele to win.
8. Cydney (2/5): When Aubry chose me, it just solidifies the bond that we’ve had this whole time. Every reward I’ve been on, she’s been on. It just builds on our relationship and it just helps us trust each other more.
9. Cydney (3/5): Right now, I have two alliances. My ideal option would be myself, Aubry and Tai, and then the second option would be Michele, Aubry and myself. There is definitely a trick to being in the middle. I’m just hoping that everybody sticks true to their word, and I can just pick and move wherever I think is best.
10. Michele (2/12): I think Aubry made a really poor choice of her Reward Challenge. She chose Cydney last time and left me and Tai on the outs, and then she gets the reward today and she chooses Cydney again. That made me think, “Well, I have to make sure that I have a backup plan.” It took Aubry winning to kick me in the ass and make me start thinking a little bit outside of the box.
11. Tai (2/9): I’m not giving up on Aubry, but I still might go with Michele’s plan. There’s definitely an option there, at least an option. I have to think, “Am I better to be at the end sitting with her next to me or with Aubry?” If I have to betray my true alliance, I’ll betray my true alliance. (deep sigh) Ultimately, I want that million dollar… at any cost.
12. Cydney (4/5): Michele would have definitely been the easy vote if she hadn’t won, but she did. So I gotta cozy on up to Michele and figure out a way to make sure somebody else gets thrown under the bus before myself.
13. Michele (3/12): It feels surreal to have the necklace on and know that I’m in the final three. Two days ago, nobody really gave a crap where I stood, you know, like I could have been going home tonight if I didn’t win, and, you know, now I feel that I am in kind of a power position. I’ve built relationships with all three of these people, so it’s going to be sad to see one of them go, but this vote, it will decide who I go to the end with, and if I pick the wrong person, boom, there goes the million dollars.
14. Aubry (5/16): Tai and I have been trying to get Cydney to come with us and vote out Michele, but with Michele winning immunity, we have no choice but to try to take out Cydney. I’m going to Tribal Council very vulnerable, and I need Tai more than ever right now.
15. Aubry (6/16): The best we can do is force a tie and then have to go to fire making, and that’s really scary, plus Tai and I have been like a zipper that doesn’t quite zip for the whole game. And he’s a tricky person to be in bed with because Tai switches on a dime.
16. Aubry (7/16): To be honest, I’m getting kind of a funky vibe, and I could be totally wrong, but I have a feeling that he might turn on me. And if he does, I’m screwed.
17. Cydney (5/5): Michele wants to vote out Aubry, and she’s in a position to call the shots. And it’s tough at this point because Aubry, we have been, like, ride-or-die homies the whole entire time, so it’s going to be extremely hard to write Aubry’s name down, but at the same time, she’s a tough competitor, and at the end of the day, my loyalty is to my mother, and I’m trying to change her life and change my life, so if that’s what I need to do to get to the end, that’s what I have to do.
18. Tai (3/9): When Michele won, I thought it’s the worst thing possible ‘cause I have no idol to protect me. I felt completely hopeless. And then Michele say, “You know what? I decided Aubry should go.”
19. Tai (4/9): Unfortunately, Aubry is the easy vote. I don’t want to betray her, but at some point, alliance got to break.
20. Aubry (8/16): Tai’s being super shady, and I’m worried that at the end of the day, if Tai sees me as a threat he will vote me out. So far, I’ve been lucky at Tribal Council. And if I’m going to be on the wrong side of a vote, it’s going to be tonight, but I’m not going down without a fight.
21. Aubry (9/16): Tonight at Tribal, I ended up beating Cyd in a fire-making challenge, which is the last thing I ever thought I’d be doing on Survivor. I’m so proud of myself that I could actually pull it out when it mattered most.
22. Michele (4/12): Aubry sitting next to me rather than Cydney definitely changes my chances in a really negative way. She’s made great relationships with everyone, you know, and fought her way here. I’ve been gunning for Aubry and nobody’s wanted to jump on the bandwagon.
23. Michele (5/12): I’m trying hard to think up a case against Aubry and she’s been in control a lot of this game and I think Tai just gave her a million dollars.
24. Tai (5/9): I’m still debating whether this is it or are we going to have one more challenge tomorrow. Like Jeff say, “You’re job’s not done. There’s two days left.” It doesn’t sound like a final.
25. Michele (6/12): Oh, my God! Once again, here I am having to fight for my life. We all kind of thought yesterday was the last challenge, and now we find out that two people are going to the end, the person who wins gets to choose who they’re taking.
26. Aubry (10/16): This is now an individual game. There are no more alliances. I’m on my own and I don’t have many options. So, today’s do or die for me. I need to win the Immunity Necklace.
27. Aubry (11/16): Michele gets to vote off a member of the jury, and damn do I wish I had that decision to make. It’s a game changer. And how she decides to play it could mess up my whole game.
28. Michele (7/12): When Jeff said, “You’re the final three,” I couldn’t have been more ecstatic. But then Jeff turns around and says, “Whoever wins this challenge has a chance to vote out a jury member,” and that’s huge! This has never happened in this game, so it’s new territory, and I want to make sure that I have thought of every possible outcome because it could be a million dollar decision that I’m making tonight.
29. Tai (6/9): I need to influence Michele. There’s only eight jury member. So, remove one, it tips the balance. And if you remove the right person, tip the balance on your favor.
30. Tai (7/9): Aubry’s a threat to both of us, and I brought up Neal ‘cause I don’t think Neal would vote for me, so I make her feel like it’s her idea, and hopefully, Michele vote the right person.
31. Aubry (12/16): I have two people on the jury that I think would vote for me. And those people are Joe and Neal. And it turns out they’re public enemies number one and two.
32. Aubry (13/16): At this point, I got to save myself. So I told her that, “Heck, maybe Scot’s the person to take out,” because he could come out and slander her character. Basically just telling her that Tai is a really big threat.
33. Aubry (14/16): I planted the seeds. Hopefully, it works because how Michele decides to play it could weaken me. She has a loaded gun. I just hope she doesn’t have very good aim.
34. Tai (8/9): Aubry’s very clever. Scot potentially would be my vote. I betrayed him, deeply, but he might understand and appreciate my big move and he could persuade some people.
35. Michele (8/12): I have a number of options, and I’m weighing them out right now trying to decide which way would be better for me. And it’s scary, because if I take out the wrong person, then I’m going to look really stupid. And this decision that I make, that will be the last thing that the jury is gonna remember before the final vote.
36. Michele (9/12): Neal went out kicking and screaming, and, you know, it proved my point that he was probably going to bash me at Tribal, and I didn’t give him that opportunity. So it was a good choice on my end. But if tonight was any taste of what tomorrow’s going to be like, I think we’re all in for a world of hurt.
37. Aubry (15/16): My worst nightmare happened tonight. Michele used her reward advantage to vote out Neal. I think Neal was going to vote for me. But I’m still in this game til the very end. So I need to fight really hard for however many other votes I can get.
38. Michele (10/12): Being here and knowing that I’m final three, I’m like, “Okay, there is a freakin’ shot.”
39. Michele (11/12): Tonight, I’m gonna convince the jury that I didn’t get here by luck or by chance and that, you know, I didn’t slide through. I made little adjustments here and there and fought my way to my spot here. And when I needed to win challenges, that’s exactly what I did.
40. Michele (12/12): At the end of the day, I need that million dollars, so I’m putting it all on the line, and I hope that people can see that I’m not some timid girl who’s glided along, but rather, somebody who strategically made moves this whole game.
41. Tai (9/9): I’m this close to finish the game. But one last thing is the most important thing to face the jury and answer their question to their satisfactory, and if I don’t do it right tonight, the jury won’t give me their vote, and then all this hardship I’ve done for the last 39 days will go to waste. The biggest thing that I did was pull off the blindside Scot, and because Scot fall, everybody had to fell with him. So that changed the whole game. But I betrayed Scot, and if I want to win a million dollar, I have to win Scot over, but he’s a big fan of the game, and he know how the game played, and I hope he’s able to see that and say, “Yeah, he’s a great player… and he should get my vote”
42. Aubry (16/16): I’ve gone through such a transformation from Day 1 to Day 39. The person I was on Day 1, it was somebody completely paralyzed by the prospect of making a decision, and this game shook me out of my anxious ball of craziness and taught me that it’s okay to be in control and it’s okay if people perceive you to be a threat. I’m really psyched to be in the final three, get to plead my case to the jury, but I don’t want to get too excited, because my game has been all over the map. It’s been like a potpourri of Survivor triumphs and mishaps, and while I might not have been the flashiest person, I was the woman behind the curtain, making things happen. But I’m going into this Final Tribal Council like I go into any Tribal Council… my head is on the chopping block. How do I get it off?
