1. Rob C (1/4): My tribe is a very eclectic group, and it's going to be really interesting to watch how this shakes out. I can't wait to start wheeling and dealing and building shelters and winning challenges and vote people out.
2. Tom (1/4): You know, it's hard for me to realize-- I'm 48. I've got young'uns their age, but I'm here for the new race. This ain't a little boy's game. This is for the big boys.
3. Rob M (1/9): All-Star Survivor is going to be so cutthroat, it's not even going to be fun. Nobody trusts anybody. Nobody. No-body trusts anybody, you understand?
4. Alicia (1/5): It's weird, because we know each other. You know who to be careful of, who not to be careful of, who are friends, who are not friends. Like, everybody knows, if you push my buttons, you may get me to crack, and-and that could be my demise.
5. Rob M (2/9): We have well water, and it's highly contaminated. You're going to get all these diseases if you don't boil it. And we have no fire. I mean, it's just like, they dropped you off, “All right, go! Go ahead.” There's a cooking pot and a machete, a water source. What would you do?
6. Rob C (2/4): Our supplies here are extremely meager. As All-Star Survivors, we don't have anything to build a fire with, so, I think shelter is the primary concern.
7. Tom (2/4): When we got to camp, the first thing we want to do if we wanted to be a team... It wasn't five minutes, there were six ideas on how to do everything.
8. Sue (1/2): I'm definitely vulnerable. Sheesh! I'm the first one out, because I'm the most outspoken.
9. Rob M (3/9): I didn't know I was going to be again on the buffoon tribe, but apparently, I'm the brains behind this operation, so we're going to have to make it work somehow.
10. Ethan (1/1): First impression of the group-- I'm happy with the group. You know, you got the... the mom, the nice guy, the military guy, the hot chick. We're all going to play this game, and we're all going to battle for this prize, and it's just... it's amazing that all these different styles of play are going to come together.
11. Tina (1/2): I did this again because it's part of my being. It's not about the money for me. It's all about life experiences. And whenever I kick the bucket one day, I am going out with a casket full of life experiences.
12. Rupert (1/5): I am the new guy on the block, you know? All these people know each other. Right now I'm just trying to stand back and let all these egos decide what we do, and I'll be the worker bee. New strategy for a new game.
13. Jenna L (1/6): When we got on the boat, and I saw everybody, I was ecstatic. Rupert and Jerri are in my league. Rudy, perfect ally. Tina and Ethan, two winners. Done. It's so easy to convince the others to vote off the two winners.
14. Jerri (1/2): I feel very vulnerable. I did get put on a team with a woman who doesn't like me. Tina is a huge concern of mine. She didn't like me in Australia, and I don't know necessarily if she likes me now. But I'm going to try this new strategy of mine, and that's just to keep my damn mouth shut. We did find our water source, but we can't drink it right out of the well. There's potential brain parasites that will put you in a coma, so it's not... something to be taken lightly.
15. Rudy (1/3): You know, I drank bad water all over the world, in Vietnam and Russia, and it never bothered me. I drank dirtier stuff than that. (smirks)
16. Lex (1/2): I think I'd be lying if I said there wasn't a day that went by, since being in Africa, that I didn't think, at some point, even if it was just for a moment, about Survivor and about the possibility of coming back one day.
17. Colby (1/2): It's never been done before. No one's ever gone back to play this game twice. It changes the game completely, not from a physical standpoint, but psychologically, we know how bad it gets, and we know how long this road is. It'll be interesting to see who's up for that.
18. Jenna M (1/1): Like, I just can't believe we're here. Like, we're such morons. You left everything you love to come starve and have no water, have no fire. Seriously, we've got issues.
19. Richard (1/3): People are a little bit, uh, paranoid and that's a good... good state to have them in. Suppose I ought to be as well, but...
20. Kathy (1/1): There was a girl thing that got manifested, and so we were talking about it. And did we even think of doing a 360 to look around if anybody was listening? So... (laughs) our alliance wasn't-wasn't too good. So, uh, with that, we just aired out all our dirty laundry.
21. Richard (2/3): Survivor All-Star is a different game and I'm figuring out how to play it. So I've really got to push and probe and stir the pot a little. I'm just a big-ass target, so it doesn't matter what I do. Just going to keep shaking things up a little bit.
22. Alicia (2/5): We have to be able to boil the water. The first tribe in this game that gets water and fire is a tribe that's going to go the farthest.
23. Tom (3/4): So far, Sue has yet to help us on the fire. She says, you know, "I couldn't do it wherever I, Borneo--" or where the hell they went last time. Well, this ain't last time. This is this time.
24. Sue (2/2): I am not going to let myself even get close to dehydration because there's-- it's so hard to bring yourself back from it, especially in this kind of situation. I lived in Canada for six years and I drank the water right out of the lakes. Right out of the lakes. No filter system, nothing. The way I see it, I drank enough beaver poop in my life that my body can handle what it might be growing in there, eh?
25. Rob M (4/9): I don't know what Sue is up to. If you get sick and you have to check out of this game, you're leaving five other people here to do the job of six.
26. Rupert (2/5): Man, we are all dying of thirst. And we need fire. We need to be able to boil water. We could be like Rudy and just grab the water and drink it, but none of us want to die.
27. Jenna L (2/6): We tried with the fire plow forever. Nothing happened. We got a curl of smoke and we'd be like, “Whoo!” (fist pumps) We were like cavemen, but that's not fire.
28. Rudy (2/3): And once you work this bow, it causes friction. A lot more friction than that way, you know? I mean, if you want to do it the right way, this is the way.
29. Jenna L (3/6): I mean, unless God strikes a log around here with lightning, we might never get fire. We definitely need something right now to give us some hope.
30. Jerri (2/2): We've been given nothing, and the realization of it has now hit home. No one's going to come in and save us. We're here-- we have to save ourselves.
31. Rupert (3/5): Rudy looks at me and the first time he sees me, you know, all tie-dyed and hippie, he looked right through it and wanted to be my buddy.
32. Rudy (3/3): I, uh, figured me and Rupert ought to protect ourselves and form an alliance, and that's what we did. He says, uh, "I can depend on you," and he says, "You can depend on me." That's all I got to hear.
33. Rupert (4/5): Rudy is a man of few words, but from what I gathered, he's a man of honor. If he and I stick together, if we can just make it through these first few days, he and I will stick together through the end of the game.
34. Rob M (5/9): Last night was by far the worst night I've ever spent in a Survivor. I would have built the shelter completely differently. I'm in construction. I know what I'm doing.
35. Alicia (3/5): I don't even want to think about that shelter until we have fire. I don't even care about it. I'll sleep on the beach if I have to, but we need to have fire to get some water at this point.
36. Alicia (4/5): There are six people here without water. Two people are more concerned about the bottom of the shelter because they're not comfortable at night sleeping.
37. Tom (4/4): I never heard so much cry baby, titty sucking in all my life. We bitched about the clothes, we bitched about the weather, and we bitched that God ain't give us no water. We're gonna have to toughen up a little bit.
38. Rob M (6/9): What can I say about Alicia? She's a drama queen. You want the fact, you come to Mariano, you get it as it is. She's a drama queen.
39. Alicia (5/5): Somebody has to say something. They can't just do that. Who made Rob the master of this camp and Amber his little in-pocket girl? Who-- when did that happen?
40. Rob M (7/9): Amber and I have an alliance... for obvious reasons. She's beautiful, obviously... any idiot can see that. But I'll keep my word, no matter what, to her. I trust her. I don't think she's going to screw me.
41. Colby (2/2): Yeah, All-Stars. Boy, that's the kicker. I think within the last 24 hours we've all questioned at least half a dozen times why in the world we signed up for this.
42. Richard (3/3): Yeah, I think I could start the fire without even blinking. (chuckles) But they don't need to know that. (laughs) But I have no interest in trying. Look at how skinny they all are. They'll be dying in no time. I'm fine. I'm not even hungry. I'm playing that one by ear. They could think I'm just cocky and arrogant and think I could last the whole game. Hmm, imagine that.
43. Shii Ann (1/3): Richard is totally obnoxious. He's going out of his way to not do any work. I think Richard wants to stand out. I think Richard wants to be special in our group. It's just part of his strategy to kind of be, like, a little bit shocking, like, "I don't really care what happens."
44. Lex (2/2): Richard Hatch was the very first person to win Survivor, ever. He spent the last couple, three years since he won Survivor talking about how he is just the best this game has ever seen.
45. Shii Ann (2/3): He's the-the prototype for all of us other Survivors, so of course everyone wants him down. Everyone wants to dethrone the king.
46. Shii Ann (3/3): I personally think, “What fun would it be if the king left the first day?” It wouldn't be any fun.
47. Rob C (3/4): We just got our first Tree Mail today, a little earlier than expected, but I guess today is just as good as any day, being that we'll probably just be thirstier tomorrow.
48. Amber (1/1): Just got our Tree Mail, our first Tree Mail, and it seems to be an Immunity Challenge, but we're hoping with an Immunity Challenge, we can win some fire, 'cause our tribe is, uh... we're hurtin' pretty bad.
49. Rob C (4/4): It is killing me not knowing who else is here. Every freaking Survivor could be here. I don't know, and I can't wait to find out.
50. Rob M (8/9): We're the biggest bunch of misfit Survivors you can put together from seven seasons. And we go out there and win it. Nobody's expecting us to get it done. We are the ultimate underdogs.
51. Rob M (9/9): We came back with a good attitude... but we still have no fire.
52. Jenna L (4/6): It was horrible being the first group to Tribal Council. Horrible. None of us came out here to be the first one voted off, but one of us is going to be the first one voted off.
53. Jenna L (5/6): I don't know Rupert well enough to know if I can trust him. He could be playing a bigger game than I think. Everything's a game. You can't take anything anyone says for what it means.
54. Jenna L (6/6): Nobody out here wants to reward another winner. Sorry, guys, it's our game now. Get the hell off our playing field.
55. Tina (2/2): I think Ethan and I need to stick together, because if we are the first two targets, we need to be trying to figure out for ourselves, well, what can we do as targets to stay in the game? Hopefully, we can pull Rupert in and kind of surprise everybody tonight.
56. Rupert (5/5): You got Jerri and Jenna on one side saying, "We got to get rid of the winners." I got Tina and Ethan in the other side saying, "You cannot trust Jerri and Jenna, you cannot trust them." I think I might have some control over Rudy's vote. He and I are going to stick together.
1. Rupert (1/4): Coming back from Tribal Council without fire was devastating. With Tina gone... pouring rain, dying of thirst... them thinking that we're going to bring fire home. So we leave a pot of water-- of well water, contaminated water-- in the pot instead of an open, empty pot to catch rain water is a bad way to end Day 3.
2. Jerri (1/4): Last night was the most miserable night of my life. I tried to sleep. I didn't get a single wink of sleep all night long. I sat upright in the shelter all night, rocking back and forth, trying to stay warm, 'cause we were all soaking wet.
3. Jerri (2/4): Rudy is one of a kind. He sleeps on the ground when the rest of us are squeezing together in our shelter. And he was drinking well water before we could boil safely, even after we'd been told specifically that there are some crazy parasites in there that will put you in a coma.
4. Jenna L (1/6): Water contamination will hit you pretty quick. But once Rudy decides he wants to drink the well water, there's no tell-- telling him "No." He does what he wants.
5. Colby (1/3): Dehydration may be our biggest concern at this point. We haven't been able to achieve fire, thus we have not been able to boil the water from our water source.
6. Shii Ann (1/2): Our tongues had turned white. It was just so hot. We were just dying of thirst.
7. Lex (1/3): Initially that the rain came, and you're thinking, "Okay, I gotta keep dry." But after a few minutes of that, the light bulb went on. And all of us realized that fresh water was falling from the sky.
8. Shii Ann (2/2): We were like animals gone wild. I mean, we had to have water. That water was so sweet.
9. Richard (1/4): Hopefully, it'll rain for quite a while. It's nice and warm. It's just wet, wet, wet, wet, wet.
10. Lex (2/3): My take on Richard's choice to be, you know, a nudist out here... honestly, it doesn't bother me in the least. Every time he drops trou or comes just stumbling back into camp without a stitch of clothing on, it was hilarious.
11. Colby (2/3): The bad part is, the rest of us are becoming comfortable with it. That's what's even spooky. We got an overweight, gay, naked man walking around, and no one seems to let it bother them. (laughs) I don't know. Unfortunately, I think he wants us all to be naked and natural walking around. That, I don't see happening.
12. Rob C (1/2): You would've thought that maybe we were drinking champagne, but it was just getting water from the rain.
13. Ethan (1/4): We see a big crate, and there's three padlocks on the crate. So, we have no idea what's inside.
14. Jenna M (1/1): It's always interesting when they give you boxes. You know, you go through all the options of what you'd want to be in there...
15. Colby (3/3): Anything at this point that you get to open is fun, 'cause it's like a gift.
16. Rob M (1/2): When we first got that box, my first inclination was, "Forget about the note. We're starving over here." But then, all of a sudden, everybody else was saying, "Oh, no, we don't want to do that. We-we might upset Pretty Boy Probst or something."
17. Richard (2/4): Holy crap! That thing kind of blew me out of the water. Tina, first one out. Big targets on the winners... except me. No, it was a big target on me. Ha. We'll see.
18. Rob C (2/2): When we showed up to the challenge, and I saw Tina was voted out of the game, that made me very excited, because I think that she's a big phony, and if it means that the winners are going next, that's alright by me, because the last time I checked, I didn't have a million dollars... yet.
19. Alicia (1/1): I came back here, and I knew exactly how to build a fire and get it started, but of course, Boston Rob and Big Tom-- these guys are so macho. They're the men. They're the men of the tribe.
20. Tom (1/1): Right now... old farm boy's just got to keep his mouth shut. It's too early in the game to be bossy. I think we got four or five bosses and maybe one Indian.
21. Rob M (2/2): Alicia's just talking a little bit too much. She walks around giving orders constantly. It's her nature. She got a big mouth. She needs to learn to shut it.
22. Rupert (2/4): This is showing me that I'm not, you know, I thought I was an outdoors man, and I am... with a lighter. (laughs)
23. Jenna L (2/6): I felt really bad for Ethan, because he knows he's on the chopping block. And then, it was even worse at the Reward Challenge when he did so well. And I went to congratulate him like I did everyone else, and I was like, "Great job!" and he's, like, "Yeah," 'cause he knows it's all for naught.
24. Ethan (2/4): I already had a talk with Jenna Lewis. (chuckles) She says, "Well, you know, maybe we'll keep you around a little longer, you know, if that's what you wanted." “Oh, thanks, Jenna!, you know, “Thanks for granting me that one wish!” It's like she's, like, so cocky, calling the shots and stuff, and it just bugs me.
25. Jenna L (3/6): Stupid me puts my face two inches from the fire. Whap! It singed all of the hair off the front of my head, but we have fire. It's like the power of the gods.
26. Lex (3/3): We made a huge effort to try to make fire. I don't know what the deal is. I don't know if it's... if at this point it's a function of our materials or our level of energy, that there are too many conditions that are working against us, because the humidity's so high.
27. Kathy (1/2): We're freezing because our lame boys didn't make the fire. Lex now regrets how he didn't get on it. So I'm just trying to warm up, 'cause we're all soaking wet. I'm having a great time!
28. Kathy (2/2): We finally got fire, and, uh, I mean, fire is everything. It's food, it's water. You know, it gives you a purpose.
29. Richard (3/4): We decided to go look for the key for one of the three locks on the treasure chest of what I guess now we found out is rice.
30. Richard (4/4): Found it, no problem. It was deep within the cave. Anybody looking would think of today as huge, given that we got water and fire and a key to the trunk. That's all extraneous crap to me. That's not Survivor. The game's all the interpersonal stuff. “Yeah, you roar! We got it, whoa!” (blows raspberry) You know, that's outside the game. That just isn't in me.
31. Rudy (1/1): My foot hurts, uh, when I walk. You know, it, uh... it sort of makes me limp a little. I don't know what's wrong. It... probably in a week, it'll be back to normal.
32. Jenna L (4/6): Rudy's not doing okay. His feet... he's got a big blister, but also he did something to the bone inside that's been really hurting. And he tells me he can't walk, he can't run.
33. Jerri (3/4): Today's Immunity Challenge was a huge letdown, and each one of us is blaming ourselves for... some part of what happened.
34. Jenna L (5/6): Ethan gets way too excited at challenges. This time, even though he helped so much at the beginning, he hurt us at the end of the challenge, and he knew it.
35. Ethan (3/4): Well, tonight we gotta go to Tribal Council, and based on last Tribal Council, you know, I'm gonna go tonight. And it's scary, you know? I-I'm in limbo. I'm hanging on by a thread right now. I-I gotta make sure people want me here, so I went out and tried to start spear fishing. However, if they or we expect to win any more challenges, you know, Rudy has to go home.
36. Rupert (3/4): Rudy is most definitely a hero. More so than any other person here, he deserves to be here. Seventy five years old and doing... (tearfully) I can't... It's killing me to be here.
37. Jerri (4/4): Even though right now discussion is about voting off Rudy, 'cause he's our weakest link... he's tough as nails. He never once complained about anything out here, not once.
38. Rupert (4/4): I'm not writing Rudy's name down. (deep sigh) I know that-- I'm not writing Rudy's name down.
39. Jenna L (6/6): Ethan was out there by the rocks trying his new spear, and he came up empty-handed. I think Ethan was trying to make himself more of an asset to the team, and if he could get fish as well as Rupert, it'd be harder to vote him off. And then Rupert walks out into the water, and... it's amazing.
40. Ethan (4/4): Now, Rupert goes out. Five minutes later, he comes back with a fish. Great. You know, I'm struggling out here. I'm-I'm trying to find my niche, and it's-it's not working.
1. Lex (1/3): Bug bites are-are bad, and-and, you know, my problem is that I-I couldn't resist the urge to scratch them. And it was more than I could bear, and now I'm... I'm definitely paying for it, because I think that they get way, way worse when you scratch them. They get-- they raise up and they become kind of like little open-open sores, open wounds. Um, and then the saltwater gets into them and it just-- it feels like fire. It's horrible.
2. Jenna M (1/3): This is bad. I mean, look. They're like bug bites on top of bug bites on top of... We look like freaks. Bigger freaks than we already are.
3. Kathy (1/2): Jenna's hurting. Jenna wants to go home. Um, first of all, Jenna's not eating. I don't know what that's all about. You know, I think that first four days where we had no water and no food really put her body into a tailspin where she's feeling it today. And now she's not even drinking enough. I have to push her to drink. She won't go in the water to cool her body down. She-she's just not taking directions. She's kind of a wandering zombie.
4. Rupert (1/7): I don't know exactly what has got into the tribe. This morning, they want to do stuff. It's a little bit of missing Rudy, a little bit of guilt, a little everything. There's a lot of nervous energy. And it's getting everybody going.
5. Jerri (1/4): Without being overconfident or cocky, I'm feeling really good about where we're at. The four of us left in this tribe are family, and we work really well together.
6. Rupert (2/7): I like being the fisherman. I know he wants to be, too, but it can't be a competition between he and I. It will just hurt his emotions. It will hurt the whole camp. That's what beat us at the challenge yesterday. We weren't working together. If we can keep this harmony up, we will be a strong little tribe. Even though we're little, we are gonna be mighty.
7. Richard (1/6): It was low tide early enough in the morning, and I figured, "Here's my shot. I'm gonna go get something for breakfast." I really want to get one of these rays. There are some enormous stingrays out there, and I saw a couple, but I couldn't get to 'em in time. I have no fins, and it's very, very difficult. Never mind a spear that's as blunt as you can imagine. But I was determined to get some good food and roast it. You bring in a fish, you get some smiles. I eventually found a shark under a ledge, and, uh... oh, I wanted him. So I said, “Screw it.” Let the spears float. Just look at it, just gauge the situation. Just kept thinking, "How am I going to do this? How am I going to do this?" Screw it. I'm not leaving the thing there. I'm going home with food. So he starts thrashing.... (grunting) tight up against the rock. So as long as he was trying to stay lodged in there and I didn't move my hand but wouldn't let him go, I felt okay. Kept breathing. Going up, breathing. Holding on, breathing. Trying to... trying to get enough energy to think what I'm going to do. So I grabbed my spear and figured I'd try to get through his belly.
8. Richard (2/6): I'd let the head part go for a second and whomp! Shark bite! And I poked him in the eye. He takes another chunk deeper. There was no way. He was not letting go. He was never letting go. I spent the next-- I don't know-- half hour like that, trying to figure out what am I going to do to get this thing off? So I swim, no fins, nothing, just kind of backwards swimming as close as I can to shore to get onto a rock. Get onto a rock and pound the side of his head with a rock until he lets go. Ay yi yi yi yi.
9. Shii Ann (1/2): Richard Hatch is a fishing god. He bit a shark that bit him. I mean, it's just so... It's like man versus nature. It's so Hemingway-esque, I love it.
10. Richard (3/6): You know, you're at the point without food for whatever it's been, seven days. People are ready to eat. I need to be the provider. They are just... loving me right now and it's good.
11. Richard (4/6): And they go on and on and on, "Thanks, Richard. Thanks, Richard. Thanks, Richard." Little baby bye-byes, each of ya, soon. (laughs)
12. Ethan (1/3): Basically, it's a contest to see who can build the best home for themselves in a 24-hour period.
13. Tom (1/2): Sue, she's a hag from hell. How I made it to forty eight without Sue Hawk leading me by the hand is a mystery. She's the bossiest woman I've ever been around. They ain't no doubt in my mind, her elevator don't go to the top floor.
14. Sue (1/1): Actually, it's not hard for me to sit on the sideline and bite my tongue, 'cause just in my head I just keep repeating, "These are really stupid people I'm with." They are. They're so stupid. I hope they don't get jack off of this challenge just to bring them down a notch.
15. Rob M (1/3): I'm in construction, I love to build things if I have tools. I was right up and at it, and I was pumped and I was, like, "Yeah, this is for me. This is my challenge. We'll win this."
16. Tom (2/2): To be honest with you, I was so into what we were doing. We had a basic floor plan and then got going. It clicked, and we never slowed down.
17. Rob C (1/1): When I signed up to take part in the Reward Challenge, I thought that I'd be being a big help to Boston Rob and Big Tom, but the guys delegated me to go work with Alicia.
18. Amber (1/1): In the beginning, the flirting with Boston Rob was complete strategy for me, and on the other end, I thought it was complete strategy for him, too. And I'll admit, when I saw him building that shelter, he was pretty hot building that shelter. (chuckles) He's good at doing what he does. It's getting much easier and easier to flirt with Boston Rob, for sure.
19. Rob M (2/3): Alicia thinks she's this architect for some Zen company or something. Her vision is about as deep as... Yeah, that's about how deep it is. Cesternino, I think, is useless all around. Seems like he's on a never-ending coffee break.
20. Alicia (1/2): It gets frustrating because Rob Cesternino does the minimal to get by. And you know what? Everybody noticed it.
21. Rupert (3/7): I'm a rehabber by trade, and that's what I do is work on houses. So I told my tribe we're building a log cabin. We're going to dig down into the sand a couple feet to add to our height, so you walk into it and you'll be able to stand up. That's what I want.
22. Jerri (2/4): Rupert's a complete control freak. He has to have everything his way and he thinks he's the only one who can do it right. But you know what? All we need is rain rushing down the side of that hill right into our shelter, and we're screwed.
23. Ethan (2/3): Jerri and Rupert got in a fight. Perfect. That's just what I wanted. She had very valid points. You know, I don't want to dig down three feet, live under the ground, but I'm not going to say that 'cause if you piss someone off, you know, you could be going home.
26. Richard (5/6): There are six members of our tribe 'cause we've never lost anything yet, so we had to sit out two people. And I happily sat out of that one, 'cause that's a lot of work. So we've got Lex and, uh, Colby building the shelter, and Shii Ann and Jenna are (gestures air quotes) "helping" build the shelter. (chuckles)
27. Shii Ann (2/2): It was as if when we spoke, they couldn't hear it. They had, like, their transmitters tuned to each other only.
28. Jenna M (2/3): There's a lot of other factors that come into my game that may not come into anybody else's game. I mean, people have family that they know when this is over that they're going to be there, you know? That's all a question mark for me. I have a lot to lose being here. Like my mom. That's a constant issue with me. I'm wondering if I should have left again. She's had cancer for a long time and she's not better, and I'm just afraid that she might pass away while I'm here.
29. Ethan (3/3): Rupert's idea was a little ambitious. We ended up working all through the night. We were trying to nail nails in the pitch black. (chuckles) And then in the middle of the night, Rupert had dug half the trench and I saw this giant tree trunk down there, and he can't chop it out.
30. Jerri (3/4): My God. I could not believe the stupidity. We played strong, but we played stupid, and that is what infuriates me.
31. Rupert (4/7): I have a hard time standing back and listening to a bunch of people say, "It's too much work. It can't get done.” Everybody's... "I can't do it." Everybody, everybody. All three of them.
32. Jerri (4/4): We've crumbled. In a single day, we went from a happy group of four working together to three people not knowing what the hell's going on and one going completely mad. This is Rupert gone mad.
33. Colby (2/4): Raffa, he starts going around the shelter and the first thing he does is start grabbing onto things and jerking them (chuckles) trying to rip them down! I don't know that Raffa realizes we got to live in this shelter.
34. Colby (3/4): Sure enough, he got his level out, and he actually gave me one of those "Hmph." And that's a compliment coming from Raffa.
35. Rupert (5/7): He walked around, and everything that was loose, he touched, and I saw it in his face when we walked down into the hut. He didn't like down.
36. Rupert (6/7): I'm trying like crazy to talk to him. He doesn't really have anything to do with us, and he's ready to go.
37. Rupert (7/7): And then I see him tell Jeff, “Water go down in. Bad.”
38. Alicia (2/2): We've never been so excited in our lives. That was just a pinnacle moment for us since we've been here. It was the happiest moment ever. Ever.
39. Rob M (3/3): The wine hit Amber a little bit stronger. She wanted to start kissing me in front of everybody. If you're going to kiss me, kiss me now, because I'm not Here's the thing. Amber and I have been flirting with each other since we got out here. We have an alliance together. She probably thinks she's playing me. I probably think I'm playing her. Who knows how it's gonna turn out? One thing's for sure though: There can only be one winner in this game.
40. Lex (3/3): Last night was an absolute nightmare. Just the queen mother of all storms rolled through. Our shelter was not really quite prepared for that kind of storm, and I don't... I can't imagine that any shelter would be, and, you know, all of us kind of dressed in our... well, all of what we've got, which is, you know, for most of us, just a pair of shorts and a T-shirt or a tank top; we were just... I've never been so cold in my life.
41. Jenna M (3/3): It frightens me that my mom-- something horrible might happen to my mom while I'm here, and it plagues me every day. It follows me around like a dark cloud. And-and I don't think I'd ever forgive myself if I knew that I was here playing a game and something happened to her.
42. Kathy (2/2): Jenna was just a quivering, shaking, little leaf. And she's finally collapsing. Her mom-- her mom is in a, uh, cancer rehab home, and, uh, I didn't realize that. She shouldn't be here, actually, in my opinion. She should not be here. And I-I just finally heard about it. She finally came up to me and told me that. And I said, "You know what, Jenna? You have every right to be in the doldrums. Every right."
43. Colby (4/4): We're a tribe that has not lost one challenge since this game began. And the reason for that is because of output by all six players. Losing any one of those six would be a detriment. It would hurt a lot. It would hurt morale. It would hurt our performance. You know, I-I don't even like to think about the possibilities or-or-or the what-if scenarios if-if Jenna exits.
1. Alicia (1/3): I knew that it was rainy season in Panama, but I didn't realize that rainy season meant, like, torrential downpours that flood your whole entire camp.
2. Amber (1/1): We have constructed a shelter that is pretty unbelievable. We used everything possible that we got from our reward. We put the parachute as a wall, we have the tarp on top.
3. Rob M (1/6): The shelter held up pretty good. The water was a little bit excessive, though. It ended up coming up through the, uh, floor. We weren't really predicting for that to happen. However, I slept almost all night long 'cause I was under the blanket. I was warm, and I just slept the whole night.
4. Tom (1/5): Rob and Amber were laying on the thing kind of getting a romantic mood. Maybe the rain was just an excuse to maybe snuggle a little closer.
5. Rob C (1/5): Boston Rob and Amber are gonna do it. I don't know when, but they're gonna do it. They've got the mat, the pillows. Everything is in place, and I really wish those two the best of luck.
6. Rupert (1/4): Our beach is destroyed. That stupid shelter that I built is destroyed. Digging into the sand is the dumbest idea I've ever had in my life. And we paid dearly tonight for it. It's now underwater, and we are homeless. And I got to build us another shelter today, something today.
7. Jerri (1/4): We've been shivering in the rain probably five or six hours, if not more. (sighs) It's a disaster. The rain just started pouring, and the whole shelter filled up with water. The entire thing. The hole that Rupert thought was so brilliant to dig, filled up with water. This never would have happened if they hadn't dug that hole. (crying) It's not worth it.
8. Rupert (2/4): That storm was insanely hard. It was rough this morning, it was rough last night.
9. Ethan (1/1): Other than the time when my father passed away, I think that was the worst night of my life. Hands down. It was horrible. Some of us thought people were gonna come and rescue us. I'm like, "They're not gonna rescue us. What are you, nuts? I mean, this is Survivor." It's our own fault that we built a crappy old shelter.
10. Jerri (2/4): I don't have a clue what's going on at camp, other than disassembling our old shelter. I don't know where they plan on moving it, or what they plan on doing with it. As far as I'm concerned, I couldn't give a rat's ass at this point. I don't even care. (shakes head)
11. Rupert (3/4): If Jerri warms up and feels better and soaks a little of daylight in her, she'll be fine, too. But the plan today is, we got to make shelter, we got to make fire, and we got to get it together now.
12. Shii Ann (1/1): Last night was one of those moments when you realize Mother Nature can be a one forceful bitch. (laughs)
13. Kathy (1/1): You know, you think you're a veteran at this game and living in the environment after doing a Survivor, but, uh, you know, we should have known better, and-and we do now. When we woke up, the fire was gone, but we got our flint out and we made some, uh, fluff out of the twine that came in our Home Depot box.
14. Richard (1/2): Today was a nice fishing day. To come back today with three, you know, meat-chunked moray eels.
15. Lex (1/2): After we cooked and cleaned these eels, there must have been at least five or six pounds of meat.
16. Richard (2/2): I don't know what it is, but boy, I bring a fish in, they're blown away by my feeding them. I mean, I can sit around and do absolutely nothing and they're just thrilled that I'm there to provide them fish. It's great.
17. Lex (2/2): I think Richard does a phenomenal job of providing us with food. That said, one of the reasons I'm looking so forward to getting the third key to that rice box is that once we have rice, we won't need to rely so heavily on Richard for food.
18. Rob M (2/6): We had to carry everything that we won back to our camp, and, uh, Big Tom put the toilet over his head. I'm willing to bet it's not the first time Big Tom's had his head in the toilet.
19. Rob C (2/5): After eleven days out here, it was nice to take a bath.
20. Rob M (3/6): Amber and I, we're not so sure if it's a good idea if we bathed each other, because the, uh, tribe might get the wrong idea. However, soap and scrubs with the women...
21. Tom (2/5): Winning the bathroom products-- it boosted our morale. And the other thing about winning the challenge is we got another clue for the key that would unlock our box for the rice.
22. Tom (3/5): I think what threw us off the most was how far is a pace? You know, my pace is different than a midget's pace.
23. Rob C (3/5): The search for the key turned out more like the search for the Holy Grail meets the opening of Al Capone's safe. This is my chance to be the hero. I've never been the hero before.
24. Rob M (4/6): I looked over, the kid's building a friggin' sand castle on the beach. It looks like he's twelve years old, you know? He's got his shovel there, and he's just putting it together. This kid's living in, like, La La Land.
25. Tom (4/5): For us to have rice in our system, it's just like gas in the tank, and I think it's going to give us a little bit... just that little more hoochie.
26. Alicia (2/3): I don't know how anybody's going to stop us at this point, because we're so far ahead of the other tribes now, it's insane. I feel sorry for 'em. Not.
27. Rupert (4/4): We got some sleep last night in that new shelter. It was nice to get a few hours uninterrupted, relaxing sleep. We all feel... at least 100% better than yesterday morning. (laughs)
28. Jerri (3/4): I slept in this morning. I needed to. I'm in such a better space now. Saboga's looking up. Rupert's out trying to get more oysters and snails and trying to catch some fish. I was working on improving the roof so that when the heavy rain comes again, it'll be ready to be waterproof. Jenna got water. We're all just trying to set up a comfortable surrounding.
29. Jenna L (1/1): See, a fire shelter and a big meal, so it was really redemption, sort of-- it felt really good.
30. Jerri (4/4): I'm already looking so far ahead of now, and that's, I think, what's keeping me sane... 'cause yesterday morning, I about lost it after that storm. I didn't think I was going to be able to snap out of it. I literally experienced a moment where I realized how people go mad... and it was scary.
31. Rob M (5/6): Today was our first immunity loss. I mean, this is the first time we've got to go to Tribal Council. It's Day 12, and we just got to really start playing the game now.
32. Rob C (4/5): Today's challenge was especially frustrating. I think that, with the crew that we had in there, that was not our best puzzle-building team. And I think if I was in there, maybe we could have won. I hope the lesson learned here is that my tribe needs me.
33. Tom (5/5): I can't see if we were to vote Rob C off tonight, that would make us the strongest team. Honestly, I think Rob C would have been an asset to this challenge because we got beat putting the puzzle together, and I-I do know that his mind would have worked that puzzle. I think Rob C's brain is better than Alicia's. That's the question we've got to ask ourselves, you know, where are we the strongest?
34. Alicia (3/3): I love Rob Cesternino. He's a great guy. I sense that the past couple of days, though, he's known that his head may be on the chopping block. Nobody's really talking about it a lot, though, which is interesting. Usually people rally-- especially, this is the first Tribal Council-- just to make sure we're all on the same page. I haven't heard one thing. That makes me a little nervous.
35. Rob C (5/5): I made an alliance with Boston Rob, and he says that the alliance is me, him and Amber. But I don't know how good Boston Rob's word is, but I've got his back, and a deal's a deal.
36. Rob M (6/6): There's a possibility at this first Tribal Council that there could be at least one of three people going: Cesternino, Sue, or Alicia. I haven't made up my mind yet, but when I do, that's the person that'll be going home.
1. Amber (1/1): Well, this morning we got some Tree Mail which involves building a raft. We got a bunch of bamboo, some rope and one paddle. The biggest part of the challenge is obviously building it.
2. Jerri (1/7): Apparently, we're building a pontoon boat, a catamaran possibly-- I'm not sure-- with two bundles of bamboo underneath supporting the platform. It sounds great in theory. I hope it works. I'm a little bit worried about building stuff now, ever since our... first shelter fiasco.
3. Rupert (1/2): I feel very good about the raft. I'm trying to not think about the house. You know, I got my reputation riding on this damn thing again. We came up with a good design, and with four paddles, we should be able to fly. We want to win.
4. Colby (1/5): The challenge was to construct a raft... that was worthy... of the sea and could carry four of us. So that meant this raft not only had to carry Lex and Kathy and I and a normal human being, but it's got to carry 260 pounds of Hatch. But ultimately, it came down to laziness and pure exhaustion that designed that raft, and nothing more.
5. Richard (1/6): The raft will definitely float, but it won't be swift. (chuckles) It will not be swift.
6. Sue (1/1): If I could vote anybody out right now, it'd be Tom. He's a stupid drunk. A stupid klutzy drunk. I don't care for the man whatsoever. I don't think his sexual innuendos are funny. Tom came down with the whiskey to christen the vessel. And I'm like, "Oh, you guys, don't move, I gotta pee." So I peed right on the raft. So that we decided that I christened it right there. (chuckles)
7. Tom (1/1): My God, that's going to make a hole in the driftwood. That'll rot any wood I know. I'm afraid the ship's going to sink now.
8. Colby (2/5): Winning the Reward Challenge, the biggest reward was gaining control of dismantling Saboga. We chose Ethan because we knew if we had him on our tribe, we had control of how long he stays in this game. And then after that, we just wanted someone that we didn't think he had bonded with that much, and Jerri was the answer. We still have the original Mogo Mogo Tribe, and Jerri and Ethan are on the outside looking in.
9. Ethan (1/3): I feel like my entire time out here, every day I've started over. And now-now I'm on a new tribe, start over again. It's just, like, one big... first day for me.
10. Jerri (2/7): My spirits are very high right now. I don't miss Saboga at all. Not even a little.
11. Jenna L (1/1): Over at Saboga, I had complete control, and I was telling everyone who to vote off. And then they dissolved us, which I don't like, because the first 13 days that I'd put into this game washed down the toilet.
12. Rupert (2/2): Their camp is... (exhales) compared to our camp, our camp was Hobo Junction. Theirs is the Taj Mahal.
13. Jerri (3/7): First thing this morning, got up, went and looked for the key. It felt so good to find it. I was so excited. Everybody's, like, "Yay, Jerri!" I'm feeling, "Yay, now I'm a part of Mogo Mogo." (chuckles)
14. Jerri (4/7): Unfortunately, when we opened the carton, the rice-- half the rice was rotten.
15. Colby (3/5): We lost a lot of rice. The note on the box did say, "Keep this dry. Very valuable." And we tried our best. I've run out of rice once before, and the consequences aren't good. I don't want to do it again. Even though we have rice, we do still need fish.
16. Richard (2/6): I think Ethan's always, uh, playing the game-- he's, "Sure, I'll go try, sure I'll go try," not wanting to go step on my toes. "No. Are you going to go? No? If you're not, I'll go try when you aren't." Ooh, he's good.
17. Ethan (2/3): I went out there and I went spearfishing. Inside I'm jumping, I'm like, "I caught my first fish!" And I see Richard's face, he's, like, “Competition.” Like, I felt... scared. I didn't wanna, you know, step on his toes.
18. Richard (3/6): He got a fish. I'm the only one that's supposed to get fish. I'm gonna have to fix that up and bring back 12 now.
19. Kathy (1/2): Guys want to feud on how many fish they bring in, rock on. (laughs) We'll just have lots of fish, 'cause the boys are just playing one-up on each other.
20. Richard (4/6): I think we'll win, and if we don't, who cares? There's a lot of people we got to get rid of. Nobody heard me say that.
21. Colby (4/5): Thus far, our mantra has been, "Slow and steady wins the race." It's served us well. We came in second place. Second place now sends you home.
22. Rob M (1/1): It felt real good to be able to propel my team to the win. And I may not be as strong as some of 'em, but I guarantee I'm tougher than every single one of them. Colby? Yeah, he's not as tough as you think, ladies.
23. Shii Ann (1/2): We lost the challenge, and, uh, it was-- it was a blow. I really like our tribe, and now we have to go to Tribal. So... the game is on. For the first time at Mogo Mogo, the game is really on.
24. Colby (5/5): This is a game where the more you strategize and the more you think about it, the more you change your mind. Because a lot of times, your gut will tell you something totally different than what you've already agreed to do.
25. Ethan (3/3): The plan tonight is to vote off Richard Hatch. For all I know, they're going to vote me off. You know, I'm super paranoid, but, um... I think I got a 50-50 shot.
26. Jerri (5/7): I was approached by... Lex, Colby and Ethan to vote for Rich. I immediately said, "Hell, yeah, count me in." But the downside is, it doesn't make any sense for me to team up with three guys who are then going to kick my ass in every challenge afterwards.
27. Shii Ann (2/2): When Ethan and Jerri joined our tribe, we all agreed that Ethan would be the first to go. Now all of a sudden, Lex is coming up to me and Kathy and telling us it's Richard. Richard... Richard Hatch?
28. Jerri (6/7): I'm trying to convince Kathy that instead of Rich, it's Colby. My own personal reasons. Some revenge involved, for sure.
29. Jerri (7/7): I don't want to fall prey to the same person who screwed me over in Australia.
30. Richard (5/6): Time for a Tribal Council, and everything starts going haywire-- it's great. Yeah, now Jerri says she's been approached to get rid of me. The only way that could possibly have happened is Ethan, Lex and Colby.
31. Richard (6/6): So they blew it. How dare you approach somebody to get rid of me? You must go bye-bye now. So... Colby has to go home.
32. Kathy (2/2): Colby and Richard are on the chopping block tonight, and I have got myself in the middle. I don't know how I got there. So do you trust your gut? Do you trust loyalty? Or do you just go with sort of what makes sense? And where am I going? I don't know.
1. Jerri (1/3): Last night was the biggest scramble at the last minute, as Richard Hatch was scurrying about, trying to save his own butt. Right as we were leaving for Tribal Council, we grabbed our torches. And I looked at Kathy, and I said, "Who are we voting for?" And she said, "Hatch."
2. Kathy (1/4): The decision at last night at Tribal for me was I could have swung Shii Ann and Jerri to vote for Colby. Instead, I decided to stay with what Colby wanted, which was to vote Richard Hatch off.
3. Kathy (2/4): I tried to put together my gut instincts about what it was going to be like to come back to the tribe, having made that big decision to oust Colby without consulting with Lex. I just think the repercussion would, uh, put a schism between myself and Lex. And Lex would feel totally betrayed. And I know Lex. He then would never trust me. So, the-- in the eleventh hour, I decided to vote for Richard Hatch.
4. Shii Ann (1/5): Kathy's the biggest power player of all. She's got all of us wrapped around her fingers. And if nobody's noticing that, she's one darn good player.
5. Tom (1/2): To be honest with you, (sighs) it put pressure on me when Rupert and Jenna come, because it-it threw another cog in the game. But I really like old Rupert. He's kind of like me. He's easygoing, nothing don't bother him. And, uh, I know it may cost me down the road, because, you know, he-he could easily take my place.
6. Rupert (1/7): The role of provider is wide open here. I like the fact that none of them could fish. A few of them would eat the-the snails that attach to the sides of the rock, but I want to be the guy that brings, you know, a couple of dozen oysters and a couple fish in every day.
7. Rupert (2/7): Sue is playing her own game. She wants to be that provider, but the only meat that she's providing right now are those cone snails, which, I think, most of the people eat.
8. Sue (1/3): First, nobody likes these damn things. Now everybody likes them. It sort of pisses me off, 'cause I'm not eating the rice.
9. Rob M (1/5): Rupert's catching fish-- I'm happy. He can continue to feed me until it's time for him to go, and that time will be determined by me. So, he'd better catch a lot of fish... keep my belly full.
10. Shii Ann (2/5): My strategy of flying under the radar was pointed out by Colby last night, which may-- by the way, was not the smartest move on his part to say, "Well, those who are flying under the radar are not going to get by me." I felt like that was a direct attack at me.
11. Colby (1/3): It's very easy to sit in a tent, wait until an hour before Tribal Council for someone to walk in and tell you who we're voting for and say, "Okay, I'll go along with that." Man, that's an easy game to play. That's an easy game to make it a long way. I don't have any respect for that.
12. Shii Ann (3/5): Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Lecture, lecture, lecture. Captain America with his good teeth, nice smile, handsome guy. I'm just like, (snores) “Oh, I'm sorry. Are you done?” He doesn't respect my game. I don't necessarily respect his. We're equal. But, uh, I'm not dumb enough to tell him that.
13. Alicia (1/5): We're kind of sitting back and watching what's going on and waiting to see what happens. We don't really know Jenna and Rupert all that well. We haven't played with them. They just came into this tribe a few days ago. Now, we won the first Immunity Challenge against Mogo Mogo since we've formed seven in each tribe. The next thing we wanna see-- that we want to see is who gets voted out. They had to go to Tribal Council. Who'd they vote out?
14. Sue (2/3): Anything that Richard could have done (splutters) was, like, what he does, he does all the time-- he just gets naked. Well, at this point, we're over it. So, yesterday, what happened at the challenge, he throws his hands up in the air and thrusts his hips and starts rubbing himself on me.
15. Sue (3/3): Nights are really long here. They're, like, twelve hours long. It's awful. All night, I laid there thinking. Every time I woke up, I could re-feel Richard naked. It kept flashing through my head. It started feeling really bad. (voice breaks) Like, why did he have to touch me? He didn't touch nobody else. Why didn't he just walk by me?
16. Alicia (2/5): This morning when we woke up, Sue was not herself. I didn't realize how much she had been affected by what happened to her until she started to cry.
17. Alicia (3/5): She just couldn't control her tears, and she couldn't control her anger. It's really hard to try to console somebody who feels that way. There was nothing I can do.
18. Rob M (2/5): Sue is either, A) looking to cash in on a huge payday-- sue the (expletive censor) out of Richard Hatch-- or Sue is really emotionally distraught by the whole thing. Or Sue's using this as some kind of a leverage to play the game of Survivor. Nobody knows what Sue's thinking except Sue.
19. Amber (1/4): As the day went on, she had more and more time to think about it, and when you're out here playing this game, your mind does crazy things, and so I think that just made the situation worse. I think if we were in another situation, not even playing Survivor, and that would have happened, it might not have been as big as a deal maybe as it turned out to be.
20. Rupert (3/7): Sue was distant, non-responsive, throwing in the towel. Uh, at the time of the challenge and all the (exhales) contact and all that with Richard... Sue could have handled it different. She could have stopped right then and said, "Foul." Instead, she turns her head, says, "Oh, that's gross," and goes on. Thinks about it, processes it, comes up with her own agenda... and goes on with that.
21. Tom (2/2): Earlier, Sue was vital to this tribe that we couldn't get rid of her. But I want it to be known right up-- by God, I don't need her. She's very overbearing, and in my opinion, if it was up to old jungle cat, I say stick a fork in her, she's done.
22. Jerri (2/3): Coming from Saboga, we really had a food advantage on our island. We had an endless supply of plantains, tons of coconuts. And then I get here to Mogo Mogo and all they have right now is rice.
23. Kathy (3/4): I hate talking about food this early in the game. It drives me crazy, 'cause then all of a sudden I have this mirage in my brain, you know, of just this big, giant ice cream sundae. It doesn't make me feel good to get cravings.
24. Shii Ann (4/5): I am a little bit concerned about the food situation. I don't like the fact that our main food provider got voted out, because I knew every day he'd bring back a fish. Oh, Richard Hatch, I miss you already! Where is the fish?!
25. Lex (1/4): You know, I really wanted to wait until Richard was out of the picture before I picked up the-the spear because I didn't want it to be a competitive thing. I knew that Richard was really kind of territorial with the whole fishing chore, and that was fine.
26. Ethan (1/3): I wanted to take on the fisherman's role, however, I didn't try to fish today. I'm sitting back a little bit. You know, I let him do it all today.
27. Lex (2/4): I didn't think it was necessary to let everyone know that I was an accomplished fisherman. I think kind of holding your cards a little closer is always a good idea in Survivor.
28. Colby (2/3): Lex is a competitor. This is not his first rodeo, as we say in Texas. Because of his ability to fish, that is something you check in the back of your mind, knowing that ultimately I'm competing against Lex, wow.
29. Lex (3/4): I think that I've got the favor of the girls right now. If I can show them that I can provide them with food, there's no reason for them to feel any compulsion to keep the other two guys around.
30. Amber (2/4): Rob and I came up with the idea to approach Rupert and Jenna, tell them that, you know, we think we're on the outs, we think we're in trouble. We'll save you if you save us.
31. Rob M (3/5): Momentum is huge in this game. When you have it, you want to keep it. Rupert has a squeaky clean image and attitude. There's something about him I just don't trust, so I, uh, formed an alliance with him.
32. Rupert (4/7): When I first started this Survivor: All-Star, and I hear people talking, and you know, saying that they want to help me, or saying that they want me on their side, I couldn't trust any of them. Now after 16 days, I know that I can trust Jenna. I hope that I can trust Rob and Amber. I feel pretty confident with where I'm at.
33. Rob M (4/5): So I got alliances with everybody now, except Sue and Alicia. I mean, we can turn around tomorrow and kick Jenna and Rupert off. They can be here as a sacrificial lambs. We got to see what's going on. It's my game, buddy.
34. Jerri (3/3): I've been dying all day today to be alone with Lex for a few minutes, just to kind of put things in order.
35. Lex (4/4): The conversation I had with Jerri was completely sincere. I don't have any reason to feel that it was anything but. But I am going to do whatever it takes to get me further in the game, and if that means exploiting situations where I have a friend that might trust me, I'll do it. It's business this time.
36. Rob M (5/5): Every day, we talk about food out here because as good as the rice is, it's terrible. And it has to be some light at the end of the tunnel. We're starving over here.
37. Rupert (5/7): Sue is Sue. She will endure and pursue her own agenda. She doesn't give a damn about what anybody else is doing. Ultimately, Sue having her own agenda will hinder her. She's-- it alienates her from the tribe.
38. Alicia (4/5): We support her 100%, but we're also thinking this puts us in a bad place as a tribe. We still have to play this game.
39. Ethan (2/3): We got these seven kabobs of filet mignon. We just couldn't wait to put it on that fire and start grilling it up.
40. Colby (3/3): The steak kabobs were more delectable than... Excuse me while I clear the saliva out of my mouth.
41. Ethan (3/3): It was good! I just wanted to rub my face in it. I wanted to sleep next to it. Oh!
42. Shii Ann (5/5): I know Richard Hatch. As jerky as he might seem, he is not someone who would purposely go and sexually violate someone. I felt terrible for her that she felt so violated and that she felt so humiliated and insulted. Very mixed emotions.
43. Kathy (4/4): I don't like her for it. I'm sorry. I know she went through a lot. Still, you got to learn how to contain your emotions. I was really offended that she'd bring us that far into her core of hatred. Didn't like it. (shakes head) So, I don't know if that's mean-spirited, but it's how I feel.
44. Rupert (6/7): With Richard getting voted off, Sue walking out and losing the challenge, three strikes, Chapera was almost out for a few minutes.
45. Rupert (7/7): We all promised each other we'd stick together no matter what. What that really means, I don't know, but it's a good gesture, and it's a good show of faith.
46. Amber (3/4): It means a lot to lose a member of our tribe, especially the way that we had to lose Sue. But you can never count out Chapera for making a sad moment into a happy moment. We're the happy tribe, and somehow, we always find a way to laugh about it.
47. Alicia (5/5): I wasn't real happy with... I mean, I know Big Tom and Sue didn't get along, but his insensitivity in doing the "Sue's Gone" dance... I think is pretty crummy.
48. Amber (4/4): It definitely disappoints me that Sue couldn't keep it together. I mean, I can't help but wish that she was still here. We were up a member. But Survivor's true test is, if you're able to keep it together and keep each other happy, then you're good to go. Yeah, we've had bad days, we have our lows, but we have so many more highs. And that's what we concentrate on in this tribe. We don't even think about our lows for very long. We always think about the highs.
1. Shii Ann (1/4): Jerri is starting to drive me insane. (imitating Jerri) "I couldn't sleep last night on the rack. It was really painful." Hello? We all slept on the rack last night, and, yeah, it was painful, but your voice was the only one bitching about it all night long.
2. Kathy (1/4): Jerri doesn't really have a huge work ethic and when you've got a bad seed on the team, man, it brings it down, And I don't even mean a bad seed so much as an annoying seed, so that's grating on people, and, uh, I know it drives Colby up the ying-yang.
3. Colby (1/4): Jerri has not changed one iota from the first time she played this game. Her game play hasn't changed, her attitude, the way she treats other people, none of that has changed, but I really let it just roll off my back, and maybe it's because I know Jerri's not going to win this game.
4. Jerri (1/3): I know that I'm pretty much on my own. I'm a little stressed out about it, but I feel pretty comfortable because I'm constantly being underestimated, and that's right where I wanted to be: a non-threatening, Zen-like, easygoing Jerri who's here to have fun. So I say bring it on. Let's go. Game on.
5. Rob M (1/1): We just got our Tree Mail for the day. It looks like it's going to be an Immunity Challenge.
6. Jenna L (1/4): The merge is coming, I feel it, and knowing that now we're even numbers with the other tribe, we want to kind of get somebody under our wing, maybe, to have those high advantage in numbers.
7. Rupert (1/2): My goal before our challenge was to pound that into 'em, even if we get behind, we stay calm, we stay focused, and we try hard. We'll win, guaranteed, if we keep our composure and we try hard.
8. Kathy (2/4): When the other tribe picked me to go with them on the reward, my head just bowed. I mean, I just-- I just didn't want to go. I thought it looked bad. I also was really crushed that we lost. And yet, just getting to go to the multimillion dollar yacht was a treat.
9. Tom (1/4): That boat, I ain't never seen a boat like that. It reminded me of the fanciest house trailer you ever seen... float. It's a house. It's a house on a lake. It was the only one I've ever been on, but I know I couldn't have picked a nicer one.
10. Amber (1/3): Some people grabbed plates. I didn't even grab a plate. I just started picking up the food left and right. Cheese and pickles and bread and... It was so great. We needed that.
11. Rupert (2/2): There's burgers this thick and dogs and brats and lettuce and cucumbers and salad and asparagus and corn on the cob and salty, greasy, beautiful food.
12. Kathy (3/4): I felt totally welcomed by Chapera. I mean, they brought me in like I was one of their tribe members. I feel that there's going to be a lot of tension for me, if we do merge, into swinging, you know, from this-this loyalty to that loyalty, and if I do, where and when I swing, I've got to really be careful.
13. Lex (1/5): Huge, huge challenge today. Huge reward for the winning tribe, and, uh, unfortunately, for us, we basically got beat out by just a hair, and the lead was ours to lose the whole time. I mean, I'd be lying if I said it wasn't an enormous disappointment. It was a huge disappointment.
14. Ethan (1/4): I feel largely responsible for our loss today. I just could not get those ropes untied. And, uh, I lost the lead. You know, my tribe sees me as a powerhouse, as, you know, someone who can help them in challenges. And I failed. And it feels horrible to fail. You know, you're either the hero or you're the goat. And today I was the goat. Do they see a need for me here or can they just let me go? I don't know. And, obviously, we got to vote someone off tonight.
15. Jenna L (2/4): First we get off the boat and they take us through this oasis. It was so inviting, and you know something's great coming. So you just keep getting more excited. You just ate a huge meal, you should be happy. But you know something more is coming.
16. Jenna L (3/4): And there stands a large cart with every kind of dessert you can imagine.
17. Jenna L (4/4): I've never packed so much food in my mouth in a short time. It was disgusting, but so good.
18. Amber (2/3): The gorgeous waterfall right below us. It's just so crazy to think places that beautiful exist in the world and... that the fact that we're getting a chance to see them.
19. Kathy (4/4): The Chapera crowd-- you know what they've got that we don't have? Is they're having fun. They're enjoying the game. And I knew it was lacking with my Mogo Mogo tribe. I wasn't having fun. It's just been work, work, work. And yet, Chapera's having a great time. I mean, they're dancing. They've got silly little songs. When you do go away and you experience civilization again, all of a sudden, it opens your head as to other options. If I choose to swing over to them, it's just gonna have to be the right time and tons of communication. It'll be tricky, but there's no way I'm going to tell my tribe that I fit in like a glove. (shakes head) Hmm-mm, no.
20. Jerri (2/3): Everyone is on edge. Regardless of whether people want to pretend like they're happy to see each other or if they're having fun or not, it's a very stressful situation.
21. Shii Ann (2/4): Jerri is just rubbing me the wrong way. She's only willing to do the chores that you're already doing.
22. Shii Ann (3/4): She didn't want to eat the rotting coconut, and I was going to put some of the rotting coconut into the pot to cook and she snapped at me.
23. Ethan (2/4): I saw Shii Ann roll her eyes at Jerri again today. You know, she's fed up with all of Jerri's stuff. She can't wait to vote her off.
24. Colby (2/4): There's no difference between Jerri and Shii Ann to me. I don't care for either one of them. Shii Ann annoys me as much if not more than Jerri does, so if it came down to tolerance or personal irritation I'd have a tough time deciding.
25. Tom (2/4): If I catch a fish, today I beat Rupert. Just a little bit of luck. That's all I want to do. He's beaten me every day, but today, I'm hoping Big Tom scores.
26. Alicia (1/1): Kathy is a tough woman, and wants to get as far as she can in this game, and she may be the perfect person to try to pull over into our group. She offered up a lot of information. I am not sure that she's telling us 100% the truth. I wouldn't expect her to be telling us the truth, unless she is foreseeing that her tribe is one member down, and she's going to have to save her ass.
27. Tom (3/4): I had four poles and never caught a fish. So Rupert caught more fish in a day with a stick than I did on a three million dollar yacht. But I'm going to tell you something. Kathy fell in our trap. We got the girls up there numbing her up. I didn't think she'd fall, but she is; she's up there. They're getting her numb now.
28. Ethan (3/4): I'm not feeling good and I'm not feeling secure about my position here at all. You know, I'm at a loss right now. I'm all over the place. I'm a jumbled puzzle. But I feel there is a way out.
29. Ethan (4/4): I've been pushing for Jerri since Day 1. She's getting on our nerves. It was pretty simple to, you know, go to Colby and say, "Jerri." So it was an easy choice.
30. Colby (3/4): I think our decision was made when Jerri Manthey came on board. I mean, that's the one we want to get rid of. And that's just the effect she has on people. I don't know that this game is a game that's meant for Jerri Manthey to play. (chuckles)
31. Lex (2/5): You don't get far in this game by playing safe. I had already made a conscious decision to change my strategy from how I played in Africa, in that I was going to come in here and if I had to make some hard decisions, and if I had to do a little lying, I was going to do it. I find myself now at the doorway of an opportunity to do just that, for the first time in the game, to really do something that probably no one is going to expect me to do.
32. Lex (3/5): This is my one and only opportunity to take him out before it goes-- slips right through my fingers. So, I'm jumping on it.
33. Jerri (3/3): I'm a little nervous. I'm just hoping that the info that I'm getting... is, in fact, what's going to happen tonight. But there's always a chance Lex could be playing me, just as much as he's playing Colby. Colby doesn't see this coming at all. He doesn't see a single vote coming in his direction. For me, that was a goal, that I set for myself, was to last longer than Colby. And if it took losing today to get him out of here, I'm totally fine with it.
34. Lex (4/5): I think there's going to be big surprises tonight. I think there's a lot of people that probably won't see it coming.
35. Shii Ann (4/4): I feel trouble brewing in this camp. Lex came up to me and asked me to vote out Colby today. But Jerri is so lazy. She annoys me. She doesn't work that much at camp. I want to think about nothing but how to vote you off. Kathy, my biggest ally, is on a boat somewhere. I'm stuck here with a bunch of power players, and I've got to make my move.
36. Amber (3/3): We had come to the end of a perfect day. So we went out onto the bow, and they brought us out champagne. And the sun was going down. It was just a perfect, perfect moment.
37. Tom (4/4): I ain't drunk much champagne, but I didn't think much of it. It had too many bubbles in it. But I ain't gonna be bitching with my mouth full, don't get me wrong.
38. Lex (5/5): I'd be lying if I said, you know, I won't go to Tribal Council with a certain amount of fear, but I feel as confident as I could... that everything at this point is going to go according to plan.
39. Colby (4/4): If tonight is played straightforward, it should be four votes to one, Jerri Manthey going home. But as we've all known from the get-go, it's a game of curveballs. If Jerri feels as though her back's against the wall, who knows what she could pull out? That is another reason why she needs to go tonight.
1. Kathy (1/6): It's terrible coming back here. Horrible. It's empty. They're going to come back from Tribal Council. They're going to want to know what's going on. I got automatic immunity. They voted somebody off. I had a ball. Ah, this is Survivor at the lowest. I was sipping champagne on the bow of a multimillion dollar yacht, and now I am soaking wet trying to save this fire.
2. Kathy (2/6): The tribe got back and they, you know, didn't give me any hugs or anything, which is interesting. I got hugged by Chapera in a second, but that's just not this tribe. Heard that Colby got voted out. It was very somber and sad. Having Colby gone, to me, is just, sort of summarizes this tribe. I don't think this tribe amounted to a whole lot. We were just kind of in the middle, and I think Colby was actually holding us back because he didn't trust anybody, and... it's too late. I think it's too late for this tribe to rally. I will try to think more positive thoughts, but it's difficult because now Ethan is questioning it all.
3. Ethan (1/2): Ooh, don't I feel silly. Wow. The one vote was supposed to be for me and the rest were supposed to be for Jerri. I thought everything was going smoothly, and boom, you know? Not only was Colby fooled and voted out, but I was fooled and had no idea. I thought I was pretty close to Lex. Not anymore. Not after Tribal Council. Not after I was left out of those plans. When you feel a bond with someone and they tell you something, and then they rip that bond apart by doing something totally different... that hurts.
4. Jerri (1/2): (laughs) Yes, I feel like I'm being evil right now, but, boy, does it feel good. Colby's gone. I mean, what more can I say? I've now officially lived out one of my goals in this game, and that is to make it longer than Colby. Knock, knock. You hear that sound, Colby? That's the bellboy, and he just took all my baggage away. (laughs) So... my closet is now clean. My Survivor closet is clean.
5. Amber (1/6): Every single one of us was scared to death. Not one of us wanted to go. We were so afraid that that person might have to stay over there. So we decided to pull straws, and Jenna ended up picking the smallest straw.
6. Jenna L (1/4): So I just happened to get the shortest straw. I don't think it's a good thing.
7. Kathy (3/6): I know the players over there. I know they accept me. I know that the hair on the back of their neck won't stand up on end if I get off the boat over on their beach.
8. Amber (2/6): Kathy was chosen to come visit our tribe. What she had to do was make a list of three things... to take from our tribe.
9. Alicia (1/1): Kathy acted like, "I'm just going to take things you guys don't need. You're not even going to miss them," you know? And we're thinking, "Yeah, right." And of course we're thinking, "Oh, man, our camp is amazing, especially our shelter." We have a tarp, we have a parachute, plus we have blankets, we have pillows.
10. Kathy (4/6): Whenever I have the opportunity, I'm going to put myself forward, 'cause inevitably, you know, what really works is networking with the people.
11. Lex (1/3): You know, when you think about it, who wouldn't be a little anxious, um, to be getting a visit by somebody from the opposing tribe to take some of your most valuable items away. Took a little punch in the jaw, and now, you know, we're just shaking our-- shaking our head with the thought and the prospect of losing, you know, our-our fishing spear is a way that we gather food every day. And, you know, as if that weren't enough, it's a bit of a one-two punch with the-- with the rice as well.
12. Jenna L (2/4): It's not my fault, and it's not even our fault, that we had to take things from their camp. This is the game, and they know that. So it was nice that I brought something over to them to say, like, "I'm very sorry that you guys don't have these things, and I have to take more from you."
13. Lex (2/3): We've been so... so diligent about rationing our rice, which at this point, you know, hindsight is 20-20 and you don't know what's going to happen, but you're almost kicking yourself, because we were eating only as much as we needed to make it last longer, and now we just lost, you know, the lion's share of what we had.
14. Jenna L (3/4): The vibe is down. I don't care what they're saying, when we come to Immunity Challenges and reward, they are down. They know-- they're trying to smile, and they're trying to be nice, but they're not happy. They're slowly losing everything they have. They're not happy.
15. Jenna L (4/4): Oh, my tribe was psyched when I came back with the loot. I have rice, and Rupert just never put down that Hawaiian sling.
16. Rupert (1/3): I've been waiting 20 days to not have to poke fish with a stick. I'm going to be the hunter tomorrow. I hope I see that big six-foot shark. I hope I see that yellowfin tuna. I hope I see that grouper that's this big.
17. Amber (3/6): Today is definitely one of the best days for me, and the fact that we're getting more rice, eating more, helped out great in the challenge, and it's just ended up being a really good day.
18. Rupert (2/3): If Rob and Amber are not playing kissy face, sucky, kissy face yet, they are gonna be soon. Um, I have walked up on them in the middle of the night where they just looked so guilty it's not even funny, and I know something's going on.
19. Amber (4/6): Definitely at first I was stringing him along. The flirting was a huge strategy in the beginning. Um, but then I got caught up in it, and feelings, you know, emerged.
20. Rob M (1/7): Amber is slammin'. She's sweet, she's beautiful, she's funny, she's got a great personality. Her ass is smokin', too.
21. Amber (5/6): It's crazy because coming into this game I never expected in a million years for ev-- for this to ever happen. And actually, I-I told myself that I wouldn't really let something like this happen, but... I love having the comfort level of it, and I love... I love that he, you know, keeps me warm at night, and he, you know, makes me feel safe out here. I can vent to him, complain to him about anything and he won't hold it against me.
22. Amber (6/6): You're not ever supposed to feel secure in this game, but with Rob and I, I feel 99.9% secure.
23. Rob M (2/7): Amber and I have been fooling around a little bit out here. I mean, it's all in good fun. I'm definitely attracted to her. It'd be nice to have a million dollars and take the girl away, too.
24. Rob M (3/7): Rupert's all excited about having the Hawaiian sling. You know, it's his baby. Now he can catch a fish, (imitating Rupert) and show how much he's worth to the tribe.
25. Rob M (4/7): And he comes back with a bag of fish feeling all good about himself.
26. Rob M (5/7): I know just as well as anybody else, if you got a Hawaiian sling, it's like basically going to the pet store and grabbing one of the goldfish containers and just picking out which fish you want.
27. Rob M (6/7): I proceeded to go into the water and catch eleven fish myself. The city kid from Boston with the Hawaiian sling versus Aquaman.
28. Rupert (3/3): Sometimes... I really like Boston Rob. Other times I see kind of an arrogant pain in the ass. You know, he wants to be the man.
29. Rob M (7/7): I think Rupert was shocked when he saw that I brought back so many fish. I think it made him realize that we can use Rupert or the Hawaiian sling. A Hawaiian sling doesn't need any rice, so Rupert's stock just went down about twenty points.
30. Jerri (2/2): I'm pissed because I stuck my neck out. And I blew it. I blew it. I lost the Immunity Challenge for everybody today. The disappointment mixed with my fear of being blamed and voted out tonight is just... overwhelming me.
31. Lex (3/3): Ethan and I came into this game with a bit of a handicap, and that is that we have not just, you know... we're not just acquaintances outside the game. We're good friends. I knew that the last thing he wanted to have happen to him in this game was to be blindsided and to... get voted out without knowing about it ahead of time, and I think the honorable thing to do here was to tell him when it was going to happen. I've got my own agenda this time. I've got my own plan. It doesn't include him. I can't afford ballast. I can't afford dead weight, and I certainly can't be dragging an ex-winner along with me just because he's my friend. This isn't Africa. This is All-Star.
32. Ethan (2/2): What pisses me off the most is if they think Jerri more worthy to stay in this game than I am, then... that there's something wrong with their screws in their head, and-and I don't know what game they're playing.
33. Kathy (5/6): When I talked to Ethan, and I looked into his eyes, you know, I truly would love to bring him with us. He is a nice guy. He has a big heart.
34. Kathy (6/6): I don't know. There's something, again, about looking into Ethan's eyes and also looking into Lex's eyes. There is a moment that you need to trust and have loyalty in this game. You've got to. There is no way I want Jerri in the final four. I just don't want her around. I want somebody, truly, that plays the game well but also works. I want somebody with bug bites on them and scratches and their fingers are gnarled. I'm sorry. It's just the way I am. I've been thinking about it, but the sun's going down. I don't have much time.
1. Rupert (1/2): Tom and I are definitely the worker bees on Chapera. I am not happy for anybody to lay their ass around in the shelter and let me do all the work, but... I can't go in there and say, "Get your ass out of that bed and go to work." I can't say that.
2. Tom (1/2): Me and Rupert, we get up early, and the rest of 'em lays in, and we go fishing about every morning. And if you see that harpoon, that's the hardest thing to get that there ever was, 'cause Rupert been the biggest damn hog I've ever seen on that thing. I've been here 22 days, and I've yet to touch it, and I ain't leaving here today till I get in that water with that harpoon.
3. Rupert (2/2): Big Tom did get him a little fish. Not a bad fish for his first fish ever on the spear. That probably hits in the goldfish category. That's a fish tank fish... but Big Tom got it, and he was thrilled.
4. Jerri (1/3): The weather here it's wet all the time, just dank, moldy and wet all the time... and it's really, really starting to take its toll on me.
5. Kathy (1/4): The mornings are always tough for me, just 'cause you wake up and there's just nothing to burn. The wet and rain is just too hard. There's no dry wood. It's just, today, not worth it. And being on a... you know, the losing team all the time is just depressing.
6. Jerri (2/3): The Tree Mail today came with green paint, which we don't know what to do with yet. Either paint each other or paint something, but it's green: Mogo Mogo color, so...
7. Kathy (2/4): If I was a betting woman, and I was in Las Vegas, I'd say we're merging.
8. Lex (1/6): I have no idea what the green paint is about. I think at this point, rather than show up looking (chuckles) like a bunch of, you know, weirdos with paint, we may just bring the pot of paint with us.
9. Jenna L (1/2): Immediately, we take the body paint and start to paint each other. The guys have big bulls on their chest, and the girls do, like, dots and arrows and... fun stuff.
10. Tom (2/2): We took the paint, and tick-tock, pokey-pokey, rubby-rubby, and we was just tickled to death.
11. Alicia (1/3): We know that we're going to go to the challenge. We don't know if it's going to be a merge. We know something is going to happen.
12. Amber (1/7): I definitely feel like I'm the one who got screwed in this whole situation. Oh. Gosh, I was so mad. When Jeff held up the new pot full of buffs, and we're all picking them out, one by one, really, the main thought that was going through my head was, "Let me just pull the same color that Rob pulls."
13. Jerri (3/3): We came back to our new home. I realized immediately that we were so much better off over here. I was so excited.
14. Shii Ann (1/2): It is paradise. They have huge stacks of logs and dry wood. There's embers in the fire. There's a swing and a bench and, you know, a kitchen area. I mean, it's an organized, beautiful camp.
15. Lex (2/6): We almost cried for joy when we saw the welcome-to-your-new-home basket of food and drink.
16. Amber (2/7): It's a little strange having everybody here. It's definitely not home without the people that belong here. It kind of sucks.
17. Alicia (2/3): The new Mogo Mogo definitely got the short end of this stick, because we inherited a camp that is in complete disarray. They obviously haven't maintained anything. Their shelter is tiny. They have very little firewood. They haven't cleaned up around camp.
18. Jenna L (2/2): Now, all of a sudden, we have to make a living here. No blankets, no pillows, nothing. It's a crap camp. It's in the middle of nettles. I don't know why they built it where they did. It's practically getting washed away by the tide, which is extremely high. They've lost their saws, their cooking pot. It's a mess.
19. Alicia (3/3): One nice thing-- when we got here, there was a huge tray of food. And we immediately sat down and started eating it. But, you know, losing Amber and losing our camp all in one fell swoop, we didn't feel like we had too much to celebrate.
20. Amber (3/7): I had a feeling that the shampoo and the-- and the toothbrush and the things like that were going to be the first things they grabbed. And so things like that are hard.
21. Amber (4/7): They're already making theirselves at home, it's kind of weird, but something I'm going to have to get used to. This is the new home. This is the new Chapera.
22. Rob M (1/5): I care about her. It kills me to have her over there by herself. I know she's tough, but... (long pause) so much of the reason why she was having such a good time, and why I was having such a good time, was because of each other.
23. Rob M (2/5): I don't really care that the other team has our camp now. I don't even really care that they have all of our possessions. As much as we're crying about it over here, it doesn't matter. What aggravates me is they got my girl over there.
24. Lex (3/6): We were boning up on our Survivor trivia before we went to the challenge and kind of trying to just forecast what questions would be asked. One of the things we went over was the first person booted from every single Survivor.
25. Amber (5/7): This is probably the most important challenge yet to me, throughout the entire game, 'cause I really feel that by winning this challenge, I'm either keeping my life going in the game of Survivor or ending my life in the game of Survivor.
26. Rob M (3/5): I promised Amber I would take her to the end with me, but I've got to figure out a way to get her there. I'm gonna do whatever I can do to keep her around as long as possible over there. Pretty much the next move I make is gonna have consequences for everybody left in this game... serious consequences.
27. Rob M (4/5): Today, after the challenge was over, I grabbed Lex. I said, "If you can save Amber, I'll remember it, and I'll help you later on in the game." If Lex is smart, he'll keep her around.
28. Rob M (5/5): Today is hard. It's wicked hard. It hurts a lot. More than anything in the world, I want to take Amber to the final two. I put an "A" on my arm for Amber. Hopefully she makes it to the next challenge.
29. Kathy (3/4): We got back from the challenge, and we lost once again. What else is new? So, the interesting dynamic that occurred was, at the end of the challenge, Boston Rob went up to Lex and said, "If you protect Amber, I'll protect you." I overheard it, and it's such a Godfather move.
30. Shii Ann (2/2): Kathy and I are trying to figure out where the possibilities are. And so far, it still looks like we're going to have to vote out Amber. That would be the simplest thing. We vote off Amber, that's one less original Chaperan. However... If we take Amber out, Rob Mariano's going to be pretty upset. And he's going to-- the wrath of God will come down upon us.
31. Amber (6/7): Well, we lost the Immunity Challenge, so now it's, uh, strategy. What am I going to do?
32. Amber (7/7): Right now, I'm just going to try to make a lot of deals and, uh, promise them a longer time in the game if they promise me a longer time in the game.
33. Kathy (4/4): I've just been talking to Amber, and, um, I actually think it might make sense to keep her, just because, if-if we do, um, merge, you know, Mariano's going to carry a grudge on that one.
34. Lex (4/6): Instead of getting rid of Amber tonight, the decision to vote Jerri out instead makes more strategic sense. So... I need to tell Jerri.
35. Lex (5/6): This is when the game really... takes a turn and changes, when you have to start making really hard decisions.
36. Lex (6/6): So, we're going to Tribal Council, and no matter what decision we make, nights like tonight are just, uh... miserable.
1. Lex (1/3): Getting rid of Jerri last night at Tribal Council was horrible. I cut her loose to keep Amber around as a favor to Rob. When I need to cash in with Rob, I'm sure he'll deliver. He's good on his word.
2. Jenna L (1/3): We think that Amber's gone, and it was a very somber mood around camp. Rob's really sad. That was not only his strong alliance, but, I mean, they were, like, dating out here.
3. Rob M (1/5): I hope Amber is still here. I said some prayers last night and this morning. Not much I can do about it. Maybe Lex came through for me. I mean, that would be great.
4. Tom (1/1): I've never seen Rob all screwed up like this, but it's like when a calf sucking its mama's titty, and when you wean that calf, it-it bawls and it'll go crazy. It tries to go through fences and bushes and stuff. Rob's the same way. And it will take about three days to get a calf weaned from its mother. A human's about the same.
5. Rob M (2/5): I'll be completely alone in this game if Amber is gone. I can't trust anybody. I kind of have a mark on my back so I've got to watch both shoulders at all times.
6. Rupert (1/2): I have not had a reward ever in my Survivor history. And I took two gorgeous girls. It was a great reward.
7. Jenna L (2/3): Oh, my God, what do you do first? Strip all those dirty clothes off, put on the terry cloth robe and then take a twenty minute shower using every different sponge available.
8. Jenna L (3/3): I've never felt so girly. I wanted to paint my toenails I wanted to smell good, I wanted to be pretty. I'm the least girly girl ever. I've never even had a massage or a facial, but after 25 days of not caring, it felt good to care.
9. Rupert (2/2): I sat down to dinner with Amber and Jenna who were dolled up to the nines, beautiful lips. I wanted to kiss and hug 'em all over. No matter how it turns out, when we get home, I have wholehearted faith in Amber and Rob and Jenna and Big Tom and I. Five strong, solid.
10. Amber (1/2): I was a little nervous because I made a deal with Lex and Kathy that they could come to the end with me, Big Tom and Rob, but I couldn't tell Rupert and Jenna that.
11. Lex (2/3): I'm thrilled to be merged if for no other reason just because now the game has changed up. This is where it gets exciting for a game player like me who just enjoys playing the game of Survivor.
12. Rob M (3/5): As soon as we merged, Lex comes running over to me, "Rob, make me feel comfortable. Tell me that I'm safe. Tell me that I'm safe."
13. Rob M (4/5): I'm making the deal-- save Amber and I'm going to help you later on? You guys didn't really believe, that did you? Come on!
14. Rob M (5/5): I've been playing the game since the second I got here. It's all a game, everything. Make no mistake about it. I am playing the game.
15. Amber (2/2): We've got our work cut out for us because we have so many deals going along with so many people. We have deals with Lex and Kathy. We have deals with Rupert and Jenna. We have a deal with Big Tom. Who the hell knows what's going on with Alicia? It's-it's insane. My mind is like freaking out right now.
16. Lex (3/3): I realized that I made a huge mistake. I made a potentially game-ending blunder in agreeing to keep Amber and get rid of Jerri, and I think I may be about to pay for it.
17. Kathy (1/3): (tearfully) Despite the fact that Boston Rob is a really nice kid, there's something inside of him that came out in Marquesas that's still here, and it-it's just so sad. It's so sad. 	
18. Kathy (2/3): I don't believe it's just a game, I mean, not when friendships are involved, so I would like to give my immunity to Lex tonight and if I get voted off, I'm gone. I mean, my options are to do that or come back here cowering.
19. Kathy (3/3): If Lex got voted out tonight and Boston Rob got away with it... Uh-uh. I am not doing that.
1. Amber (1/1): Well, not only did Tribal suck, 'cause it always sucks, but it poured on us the entire time. I'm freezing cold. And especially for me, I had to suffer two votes. So... I'm just happy to still be here.
2. Kathy (1/4): I was gonna give my immunity away tonight at Tribal, but I just couldn't do it. I wanted to, but I couldn't do it. It's really hard being on the losing side of life here. I think Boston Rob has a soul, but, um, he has this temper, and he was really hurtful today. And, uh, Amber's playing a tough game. She's lying. She's lying like a rug. So... I voted for the person that just lied to my face several times.
3. Rob M (1/6): Everything went down according to plan. It was kind of a tough vote, to tell you the truth. Lex was a friend, uh, but we are playing a game. He said some pretty personal stuff to me before we went to Tribal Council. I understand when your back's against the wall, sometimes you scramble, but I think he was pushing it a little bit too hard.
4. Rob M (2/6): I never promised Lex an alliance. I never said two words to Kathy. A very important thing did happen today, though. Lex slipped up in his conversation when he was mad, yelling and screaming, and basically exposed Big Tom, meaning that Big Tom would've switched sides. Big Tom... you got caught, and your best buddy sold you out, and he didn't even know he did it.
5. Tom (1/2): You couldn't have had a... a horror movie any worse than what we had last night. We got soaking wet, and we been waiting for daylight for two days. Now it's daylight, and it's blacker than a dungeon. Looks like it's gonna rain again.
6. Rupert (1/2): Our fire pit is in a lake, in a little stream. It's freezing cold and soaking wet. Make it through the night (coughs) but... in hopes that when the sun came up, it'd be better. When the sun came up, it was still bad; it was worse.
7. Shii Ann (1/5): I woke up this morning feeling vulnerable and scared, and... I thought to myself, "Why am I here?" I'm miserable.
8. Jenna L (1/3): You're so stripped of everything out here, and you're not yourself. You're surrounded by relative strangers, even though I know these people, and you're put in such a physically demanding environment that you have to bond together with them. But this is the final 11 days. We have food, warm beds, family to look forward to. That's what's keeping me going.
9. Kathy (2/4): It sounds like combined reward and immunity. I thought the first immunity yesterday was gonna last three days. So I guess it's not. I got an "X" on my back, so... I have to win this immunity.
10. Shii Ann (2/5): Rob gave up seeing his family's videotape so that everyone could have a letter from home. That was really big of him... and it showed a strength of character that I hadn't realized about Rob Mariano.
11. Rupert (2/2): (tearfully) It's just uplifting. I like it that my wife and daughter think I'm the toughest, baddest son of a bitch out there... even though I'm not. I like that, though. That gives me strength. I'll read it a thousand times in next 11 days.
12. Jenna L (2/3): (tearfully) I got a letter from my mom and dad. My dad says that he's never known a stronger person. That I've done so much in my life.
13. Shii Ann (3/5): (tearfully) These letters remind me of my... my real friends and my family, and... and the friendships here, as nice as they are, it's not this. It's not this. It will never be this.
14. Shii Ann (4/5): What Rob did today at the Reward Challenge was a generous move, but it was also a strategic move. Giving up his brother's videotape for letters from home may win him a million dollars.
15. Rob M (3/6): (tearfully) I don't remember the last time I was this emotional about anything, ever. And you know, I do feel bad my brother spent all that time making the tape and everything, but this way, everybody won. And I know it's going to get perceived one way or the other. It's inevitable. It wasn't about me. It wasn't about strategy-- it was about strategy, to a degree. It's a good move, yeah, it is. I'm not going to sit here and tell you it's not. But me... my family's the most important thing in the world, more than anything else. More than money, more than anything. (sniffles) But I'm still getting the (chuckles) million. I'm just having a... a little time-out for myself.
16. Rob M (4/6): I was trying to be nice to Kathy. You know, I know she's playing the game, I don't blame her, but to be completely honest, I have no idea how that vote is going to go tonight.
17. Shii Ann (5/5): Tonight, the vote will come down to the last remaining original Mogo Mogo members, Kathy and I.
18. Kathy (3/4): To me, the letters-from-home trade for the video was just a bone. You know, probably down deep in his heart, he wanted us all to have the letters, but he-- higher on the list was the fact that it might counterbalance any of that anguish and anger that was exposed yesterday.
19. Kathy (4/4): It's time now to get Jenna, Amber and Rob Mariano out of the power situation they're in. Maybe I could help these players see the light that maybe I could be used as a swing vote. And, uh, they do it now instead of waiting to go down to seven.
20. Rob M (5/6): I think we got some last-minute scrambling going on in Panama today. Kathy and Shii Ann are working it. They'll probably go after Amber or Jenna.
21. Tom (2/2): I've been sticking with my original deal, but when everything is going too good, you better be looking out. It flies apart. And Shii Ann gives me another option. I will be weighing my options all the way out.
22. Rob M (6/6): Kathy and Shii Ann are implanting bad thoughts into Alicia and Big Tom's head. And they're buying it, I guess. And one person is all it would take to swing one of the other one way or the other.
23. Jenna L (3/3): Alicia and Big Tom, I do worry about. Those two the weak links, because at this point, us four have been so wrapped up in the fact that we have a four alliance strong, nobody has bothered to, like, try to draw in Big Tom and Alicia and let them believe that they have an alliance in the final four, too. They might decide to save themselves and go to the final four with the other two. That's what burned me in the first game. Perhaps I'm about to be burned at Tribal Council.
1. Shii Ann (1/4): Well, last night was really emotional. Um... I got really choked up when they voted Kathy out. The smug, horrible Chaperan, superior tribe, pagonging all of us Mogo Mogo members, you know, basically voting one after another out. I knew Kathy was going, and I just got really emotional because she was my rock out here. And that she was my one true friend. And now that she's gone, I don't have anyone here. I've got no one.
2. Shii Ann (2/4): I'm extremely vulnerable right now, and chances of me making it to the final two are slim. So, at this point, my best chance is to play as hard as I can, call everyone on their game and stir it up before I leave.
3. Alicia (1/6): The rain doesn't let up. We can't fish in these conditions. We can't cook in these conditions. So, we are all hoping we're playing for food.
4. Tom (1/2): I'm hoping food or something, but I'm really looking forward to it 'cause it's... it's just a miserable day.
5. Rob M (1/7): I think the biggest thing that happened at our Reward Challenge today was, Alicia got all upset again. She was mocked by the tribe as the person least deserving to be an All-Star. Her ego took a blow, but, you know, people say things for a reason, so maybe she needs to take a look at herself.
6. Alicia (2/6): You know, it's never fun to hear things about yourself that aren't flattering, and then have to-- the same people that said those things, you're stuck with them. That's not fun.
7. Amber (1/2): Alicia's very emotional, and when something upsets her, she becomes a huge grump around the camp. She's just being a big baby about it. People are observing it. People are getting annoyed with it. People will vote you out sooner because they don't want to live with it.
8. Alicia (3/6): I don't want anybody hugging me or touching me or trying to get to... leave me alone. The only person that tried to not give me my space was Jenna. Jenna's trying to put her arm around me. Give me a break. Jenna and I have no connection at all. I mean, she's probably one of the people that voted that way anyway, so she needs to save it. Jenna would be the last person that I would go to for consoling, the last person.
9. Rupert (1/2): You know, that's almost a challenge I wish I didn't win. This is what killed me on Pearl Islands was... I let the pecking order be known, and then I was the next one gone.
10. Jenna L (1/2): I love Rupert, but strategy-wise, he is... I-I don't want to say not good at the game, he is, but he needs some coaching.
11. Rupert (2/2): This adventure is geared to create hard feelings between people. I hate being that person that creates the hard feelings.
12. Tom (2/2): We went to one of the fanciest restaurants. They said it was five-star. But I wouldn't hit a dog in the hind end with it, 'cause I got a tater and it was cold.
13. Rob M (2/7): I'm sure the people that ended up with fifth, sixth and seventh weren't too happy about the politics that were involved, but hey, what can you do about that? You win some, you lose some.
14. Jenna L (2/2): Shii Ann's an absolutely obnoxious person. The whole time she's like, "This rice is good. Oh, my gosh, ooh, look at that steak. I just want to watch you eat it." Shut up! It's obnoxious!
15. Alicia (4/6): So, the dinner was nice. And Rupert, of course, had eight or nine beers and he was plastered. Plastered!
16. Amber (2/2): We really wanted to stay at the restaurant for as long as we possibly could, 'cause we just dreaded coming back here with all the bugs and the really long night. So, we told Rupert, "Keep drinking as much as you want. We're just going to lay here on the table and use these napkins as pillows and enjoy it."
17. Rob M (3/7): Basically, Rupert exposed our alliance of four. It was pretty evident, uh... as to who got what food. He's kind of sticking it in their face, which kind of shows me that he does trust myself and Amber to a degree.
18. Alicia (5/6): We decided, Big Tom, Rob, Amber and myself, that we were going to stay together to the very end. That's four people. So, no matter what happens in this tribe, we are four to the other three. Then there's Big Tom. He came to me and said, you know, "I can't sit next to Boston Rob or Amber. I'll never win. Maybe I should sit next to you." And I said, "You know what? Maybe you're right." But I didn't make any deal with him. The only person I have an alliance with at this point is Boston Rob, and we shook on it. But do I trust him? Absolutely not.
19. Rob M (4/7): If Shii Ann wins immunity, I don't know who we're gonna kick off.
20. Alicia (6/6): The thing that bothered me about Shii Ann's victory is that she tried to throw it in our face the moment she won. And the first thing she does is let out this victory cry. And she's, like, "Yeah! Ha! I did it!" You know, she's pointing at all of us, and I just looked at her and said, "I wouldn't be that cocky. You still have to live with us."
21. Shii Ann (3/4): I'm feeling a whole lot better, now that these proud little... Chaboga Mogos are gonna have to eat one of their own. I love the fact that they're all sitting there squirming in their... shorts, ignoring me yet again. They should have been cutting deals with me before my immunity win. Now that I have an immunity win, I know that Alicia's head is on the chopping block, Rob Mariano's head's on the chopping block, and so is Rupert's. Stupid people! (scoffs) Stupid people. Let me just say that again: stupid players.
22. Rob M (5/7): I have two options tonight. I can stick with Rupert and Jenna, myself and Amber to make that foursome, or I can go with Big Tom, Alicia, Amber and myself... and take out Rupert or Jenna, 'cause I don't know if Rupert and Jenna are, like, 100% with us. I'd like to say Alicia is out of here. She is. She's out of here. Maybe not. Maybe me.
23. Shii Ann (4/4): She's so sweet. You hate to hate her, because she's so lovely. And she's got those beautiful green eyes. Well, you know what? She is one of the shrewdest players out here.
24. Rob M (6/7): My main alliance, still, is with Amber. It's because she trusts me completely. Even though I may not trust her 100% completely, I know she does. I think she does.
25. Rob M (7/7): Of course she's playing the game. She may be playing me, I don't know. I don't think so. I really don't. I think it's genuine, what's going on. I could be the biggest sucker in history, and if so, hey... she had me fooled.
1. Shii Ann (1/7): This is the first beautiful day that I've experienced here on Chaboga Mogo, and I've got to be honest. It's not really brightening my mood, because the longer I stay here, the more I realize I have very few friends. And now I'm stuck in a tribe with five other people who don't necessarily trust me or even like me. And, uh, it's very alienating. It's really unpleasant out here.
2. Shii Ann (2/7): I'm just really tired of Jenna. I cannot stand her. Girl's a bitch. Let's face it. And, uh, she's bossier than anybody else here on this tribe. She just drives me crazy! I just wanna strangle her!
3. Rupert (1/4): When I came out of the ocean, I realized that nobody was going to help me clean fish. But they all want to eat the fish. I'm feeling used and abused. If somebody comes up and asks which fish is theirs, I will probably tell them the one that they caught and the one that they cleaned.
4. Jenna L (1/2): Rupert catches all the fish, but Rupert catches all the fish 'cause he's a big man who can handle those tides. At 120 pounds, those tides would literally crush me against the rocks. He comes up and only brings one fish up to cook for himself. It was like a slap in the face. Like, next time when I'm hungry, I'll cook only enough plantains for me, because I'm doing that job. So, I wanted to tell him that I thought that that was a bad move.
5. Rupert (2/4): My little Jenna had the nerve to bitch at me about putting one of my fish on the grill. She's just getting really a pain in the ass, and I'm very sorry that I have an alliance with her.
6. Shii Ann (3/7): I think that the dynamics are changing a lot in this tribe, and I wouldn't count me out yet, because Shii Devil has some tricks up her sleeves, and I'll be playing them.
7. Tom (1/4): It's good to drink beer with my old boy. I wished it'd been his mother or my neighbor's, uh, sister (chuckles) after I seen what a romantic setting it was. And I could've picked old Rupert, but I couldn't go and stand to see him. I've never seen a man slobber over a woman like he did his wife. There was slobber hanging down in his beard.
8. Rob M (1/2): I mean, we tore it up and we-we partied hard all night long. This is definitely what I needed to get to the end... just to finish my game, you know, a little visit from home.
9. Rupert (3/4): Today, Bo and Mike came back from their little, uh, adventure with Big Tom and Rob. As soon as they came in, instead of letting them sit down and rest and enjoy their visit here, we put them to work, got them started, you know, helping us out at camp.
10. Tom (2/4): That boy has been on the farm all his life. When he gets up in the morning, he knows what work is. He's used to it. On the other hand, Rob and his brother wouldn't help us get the wood. They didn't get diddly-squat.
11. Rupert (4/4): I took Bo out spearfishing. Big Tom wanted him to spearfish badly, and I wasn't even going to give Bo a spear. You know, I, uh, I kind of protect those spears. Even though I don't talk about it, I protect those spears. This is hard fishing, you know, Bo wasn't the greatest swimmer. He was using the spear to propel himself more than to fish. As we were fishing, I look at Bo's spear, and the head of it's gone. I had my flashbacks to when Shawn lost his spear tip in Pearl Islands. I'm not as worried about it because I've got my spear that is now going to be considered mine. They want to keep eating, they will let me use the damn spear.
12. Rob M (2/2): Bo is a bigger dumbass than his dad. I mean, Big Tom is pretty dumb, but Bo is just-- he's out there, too.
13. Shii Ann (4/7): Well, we got some Tree Mail. It's got a bucket with a hole in it and a letter basically saying that it's going to be buckets of fun. I know I'm still a huge target, and I know if I don't win immunity I may be the next to go.
14. Tom (3/4): I won immunity. I finally got one. I was proud of it.
15. Shii Ann (5/7): I find the dynamics in the tribe very interesting at this point, because now it's down to six, and if anybody wants to take a power position, they're going to have to use me as a swing vote.
16. Tom (4/4): The only way that she can save herself is to get three other people to vote off... Well, I'd like to vote Jenna off. I want Jenna gone because Rob and Amber pulls Jenna in, my butt is on a highway to hell.
17. Shii Ann (6/7): I'm feeling out a few people. I'm trying to see if there's any way I can get a tentative alliance. I mean, each one of them is planning to take a knife out and stab the other in the back.
18. Amber (1/1): Shii Ann is talking about getting out Jenna. I don't know necessarily if I'm going to, you know, 100% go along with it, but I'm going to entertain the idea, because this is the All-Star. It's, uh, hardcore. You've got to play this game, I think, more intense than you did before.
19. Jenna L (2/2): Shii Ann's a scrambler. I can't even deal with her. I'm very, very annoyed with her, let's put it that way. She opens her mouth, and I feel like putting a gun in mine.
20. Shii Ann (7/7): I realized you've got to go all the way, and if you can't go all the way, you got to go all the way fighting. And that is how I'm choosing to play the game.
1. Rupert (1/9): The weather is terrible and it rains every day. The shelter is pitiful and it leaks every night. Every one of us stink like rotten dogs. The challenges are going to become more mental, more physical, more stressful. Camp life is hard, and as it gets down to the last few days, it's getting harder every day.
2. Rob M (1/8): I mean, at this point you get so fed up with being with the people that you're with. You don't want to hear their stories anymore. You're just drained. You're tired, you're cranky, you're hungry. You're not sleeping at night, and it's just like, "Shut up. Don't talk to me." There was a brief time where I actually understood a couple words Big Tom said, but for the most part, the entire time out here I haven't understood him at all. He's not getting enough water or something 'cause he's just mumbling to himself. He makes these unintelligible noises. Nobody understands what he's saying.
3. Rupert (2/9): Jenna and I were gathering our coconuts and sitting down, celebrating, cracking open green coconuts and toasting to our victory over the darn coconut trees.
4. Rupert (3/9): When Jenna said, "...and we have to beat Rob in immunity," I looked over and my heart sank because Rob was standing right there.
5. Rupert (4/9): It was a little scary situation. Jenna already is full of paranoia and I don't need Rob to be full of paranoia. Paranoia will destroy ya.
6. Amber (1/7): I was under the assumption that the game would be easier in the end because I knew we had our strategy set in the beginning and that we weren't really going to have to worry too much about it in the end, but I was completely wrong. Of course, I don't blame him he's worried, you know, if he is the target, he's the next one to go, but then I'm sure I'll be soon after, but it's out of our control right now.
7. Rob M (2/8): You know, anybody that's won a car during Survivor has never actually won Survivor. Well, that wasn't going to discourage me from winning. I'll tell you right now, it was worth it.
8. Rob M (3/8): Time alone with Amber was unbelievable. For the first time, I didn't have to think about the game at all.
9. Amber (2/7): I can't really complain about my first date with Rob. You know, I was thinking about after the game, you know, I wonder what we'll do, probably go out to dinner, you know, maybe go to the movies, maybe he'll bring me flowers, who knows? But on our first date, yeah, we did go to the movies, we did get some popcorn, and he gave me a car instead of flowers. Let's see, flowers, a car, flowers, a car? I'll take the car.
10. Rob M (4/8): Amber's definitely special to me, a lot more special than when we started this adventure. But, I mean, still, you can't lose sight of the fact that you're playing a game for a million dollars. I'm not going to forfeit the million to anybody, including her.
11. Amber (3/7): When you come back from Reward Challenges, you always feel guilty. So to come back from another Reward Challenge with a car, it was pretty rough.
12. Amber (4/7): I had the choice whether or not to tell people that I had won the car, but I felt that holding that back from them just wasn't me.
13. Rupert (5/9): They won a car apiece. They brought back pockets full of candy, and split them up into five piles. They took their share after eating dogs and candy. (imitating Amber) "I saved my candy." Well, it's easy to save your damn candy when you've got a belly full... and a new car!
14. Rupert (6/9): If there is a Survivor hex that keeps the car winners from winning the game, I would love that. That would be my little justice. And I win the million.
15. Rupert (7/9): If we want to have a fire at all, we're going to have to have some wood. After a while, I'll go get us some fish. This is the first night with not very much sleep and very little help. It makes me crazy to watch Rob and Amber sit on their butts, and then when challenge comes up, they have amazing amounts of energy.
16. Tom (1/2): You know, everybody on the tribe has tried to change my alliance for the last two or three weeks. I've entertained the thought. You know that I also am playing the game. You know, I want to win, too. I mean, I'm not going to lay dead and let everybody just run over me, which I have been most of the game.
17. Rupert (8/9): If I get Tom in with Jenna and I, we three would be the power in this five and put Rob and Amber out of this game.
18. Rob M (5/8): At this point, there's no guarantee that Tom's going to stay loyal. I can't trust anybody. So pretty much what I did was I instigated Big Tom to start a fight with Rupert.
19. Tom (2/2): I told Rob from the beginning I was going to stick with him all the way through, but this fifth and sixth-grade tattletale stuff, you know, I mean, I take it personal, and I ain't happy about it.
20. Rob M (6/8): Sooner than later, it was like two cats in a bag going at it.
21. Rob M (7/8): The reason I did this was to get them at each other's throats, so that neither of them will have enough sense to go to each other and try to get me and Amber off, and I think I succeeded.
22. Rupert (9/9): Rob is playing this game so hard now. I know that that was all a ploy to try and make me look bad. That's fine. I stood up, I told Big Tom what's what.
23. Rob M (8/8): Coming back with the necklace on puts me in a good position, but it's also a precarious position, because I hold the power. The only way I don't hold the power is if Rupert, Jenna and-and Big Tom all team up and vote Amber off. That's the only way I don't hold any power. Whether they actually realize that or not, I don't know, and right now I'm kind of just being the diplomat, sitting back, listening to what everybody has to say and thinking about my options.
24. Amber (5/7): Big Tom is definitely scrambling. He knows that Rob and I are not 100% with him, and he knows that he's a swing vote right now. He knows that he could hop over with Rupert and Jenna right now and get rid of me if he wanted to.
25. Jenna L (1/1): There's so much paranoia, but at the same time, I've trusted in this alliance with Boston Rob and Amber and it's worked out exactly how we planned from Day 12. That's insane that this alliance has held up through that whole thing, so I keep thinking something has to go wrong.
26. Amber (6/7): There's no decision that could be made right now that I would feel 100% sure about. I hate being put in this position. It's a million dollar decision.
27. Amber (7/7): Tonight, Tribal Council is going to be the ugliest Tribal Council we've had yet.
1. Rupert (1/4): We just got back from Day 36's Tribal Council, where we voted Big Tom's butt out of here.
2. Jenna L (1/6): It was an honest and hurtful Tribal Council. And now there are four torches left up there. It started out with eighteen of the best Survivors to ever play this game, and it's down to four, and I'm one of them. How'd that happen? (chuckles)
3. Amber (1/11): Little did we know that we were gonna be woken up today by Jeff pulling up in a boat carrying a huge basket. I got a little nervous at first. I was thinking, “Maybe, oh, gosh, this is our challenge. What-what are we gonna have to do?”
4. Amber (2/11): Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day. So this meal is huge out here.
5. Rob M (1/8): The four people that are in the final four are two distinct groups of two. There's no chance myself and Amber are gonna break. I think it's a toss-up-- Jenna may... turn on Rupert. It may come down to a purple rock.
6. Jenna L (2/6): I'm very concerned with the tiebreaker situation. What would happen is, whoever has immunity has immunity. And then the other three have to reach into a bag-- there's two white rocks and one purple one. The person who gets the purple rock is out of the game.
7. Amber (3/11): We knew it was gonna come down to a purple rock, so we gave her the option of voting out Rupert tonight.
8. Jenna L (3/6): I didn't come 37 days to reach into a bag and let... a color decide my fate, so I'm taking fate in my own hands. All I've been craving is a pancake, and it was the best. I, like, ate tiny little bites. It's better than I have at home.
9. Rupert (2/4): This morning's breakfast is good-bye to one of us. Somebody is leaving tonight. Boy, I hope it's not me.
10. Rupert (3/4): My fate rests on the honor of a 26-year-old single mama who really, really wants to win badly.
11. Jenna L (4/6): Now I don't know. I'm not letting Rob push me into anything, but there is... truth, I mean, I am-- I would be in the final three. I might go up against them and beat them, and then I've got a million dollars.
12. Rupert (4/4): I can't see Jenna going against me, and I don't want to go against Jenna. She's just a little paranoid. You got to let her alone. She's just a young girl. She's fine. I believe that she will write Rob's name down.
13. Rob M (2/8): Rupert's a very smart player. I give him a lot of credit. He's probably conned Jenna into feeling bad about doing anything but pulling a rock.
14. Jenna L (5/6): I have the power tonight. I really don't know what I'm going to do... until I get to Tribal Council. It's really, really a tough decision.
15. Amber (4/11): Walking by all the torches made me feel proud to be standing where I was standing, but also a little guilty, knowing that I ended this game for a lot of those people. So, it was a little bit bittersweet. I'm feeling a little scared and nervous... and not really knowing what's ahead. At the end of the day, one of us is going to have immunity, and one of us will not be in the final two.
16. Jenna L (6/6): So I blew it. I had a million dollar check written in my hand 'cause I would have brought Boston Rob-- I would have won. And it all comes down to me lifting my foot up. My daughters are going to be very proud. (rolls eyes) So my game's over. Boston Rob won immunity, he's going to bring Amber, which strategically might not be the best bet, you know, 'cause I think she's going to annihilate him in the vote. He'd have a better chance against me, but he won't see that. He's giving his girlfriend a million dollars. That's a pretty good boyfriend.
17. Amber (5/11): I feel 99% sure that I'm going to the final two with Rob. But I have seen him turn on people out here. I have seen him break his word to people out here. I just can't help but feel nervous.
18. Rob M (3/8): All of a sudden, I guess I can't think too clearly trying to realize if what I've been doing this whole time has been the right thing. Is my head clouded? Is my judgment bad? I'm not sure where my odds are better. Amber played a solid game, but Amber did ride my coattails the entire way. I don't know, maybe she conned me the whole way. Maybe it's the biggest scam in the history of Survivor. If I go with Jenna, maybe more people are annoyed at Jenna. But then I look like a complete ass because I'll sell out absolutely anybody to win this game. I don't know if I can or cannot win against either one of 'em. I keep changing my own mind fifty times a day. I'm gonna think about it, you know? And I'm going to make the decision that I feel most comfortable with... based on me, not based on morals, not based on an alliance that I should or shouldn't honor. A million dollars... what would you do for a million dollars?
19. Amber (6/11): To be able to spend 39 days now with a person who always makes you happy, always makes you feel completely safe in any situation... always makes you feel important and proud of yourself is just amazing.
20. Amber (7/11): I came into this game, and within the first couple of minutes Rob and I had formed an alliance. And over the first couple of days there was a lot of flirting going on, and it turned into something real. And now we have an amazing bond. And I'm so glad that that was my strategy in the beginning because look what I ended up with.
21. Rob M (4/8): Fifteen minutes after the game started, we were able to work as a team. Even when we got separated and weren't together, we were still able to work through it as a team. I mean, in a game where trust is fleeting to have a partnership with someone, an alliance with someone that you can trust, that's huge.
22. Amber (8/11): The game was over. I mean, what a huge relief. What a huge weight off your shoulders to know that now it's in the jury's hands. We're done voting people off. We're done strategizing. Now we can just sit back, relax and enjoy that last day. And I love that.
23. Amber (9/11): We're taking in every last moment. We're not really taking anything for granted. So going to one of our little favorite spots and just enjoying it one last time, and knowing that nobody else was around, it was just our island. Just a great, great feeling.
24. Rob M (5/8): Last supper over here today. Last lunch. I don't know how I ever made it without Rupert out here. Who would have known I could actually fish and clean 'em and cook 'em and fend for myself? Still alive. You know I said in the beginning also that this game Survivor, was basically like Charles Darwin's premise, survival of the fittest. The species that's best able to adapt to certain situations will outlive the others. And I think, as a team, Amber and I were most able to adapt to certain situations.
25. Amber (10/11): There is a very important night coming up. And there are a lot of anxious people who are really looking forward to grilling us. I hope I'm not forced into saying why they should pick me over Rob.
26. Rob M (6/8): See, this time, the jury is made up of people who know me, and they know how I am. I'm sure people took this game very, very personal, and that's their own frickin' problem.
27. Rob M (7/8): I outwitted, I outlasted, and I feel I outplayed 'em all. The feeling that I have inside me right now is worth the sleep deprivation, the lack of food, the suffering, the highs, the lows of the game, it's worth everything.
28. Amber (11/11): The way the day is ending with this rain and being miserable is, of course, bringing on the miserable feelings of going to Tribal Council. I think the vibe of the jury tonight is going to be pretty cold. You know, they came out here with their second chance, and the fact that they didn't get to finish it and we did... I don't think they're going to make this easy for us at all. I think the jury would love to see Rob and I squirm.
29. Rob M (8/8): It's been quite an adventure. And now that we're leaving... I feel both, uh, a little bit of sadness, but definitely joy. I did everything I wanted to do out here. I did it to the best of my ability. I gave 110% every single day. And I'm sitting in the final two with Amber. I'm proud of the way I played, and I have no regrets. (slaps insects) Bugs are still killing me.
