1. Jeff (1/4): I'm Jeff Kent. I played seventeen years of, uh, Major League Baseball. And I played in the world series where we had screaming fans on their feet with bases loaded. I've seen pressure. This is going to be a challenge for me, no doubt. But I'm hoping people won't recognize me.
2. Zane (1/9): You know, I have people come up to me all the time and ask me about Frankenstein. He picked a little girl a flower. I mean, he strangled her after he gave it to her but, still, you know, he picked her a flower. And I-I think that-that's the way-- the way I feel about myself-- is I could strangle you or pick you a flower, it depends on what you pull out of me, you know what I mean?
3. Lisa (1/4): My name is Lisa Whelchel and I played the character of Blair Warner on a show called The Facts of Life. Blair Warner would never, in a million years, be on Survivor but I'm very, very different from Blair. I'm a huge fan of Survivor. I've never missed a show, and at this point, I'm not going to say that I was on The Facts of Life as a kid. I'm getting to be just Lisa.
4. Russell (1/7): The last time I played, Survivor smacked me in the chops. And this time I'm smacking back. And either these people will run with me or I'm gonna have to run them over. That's it.
5. Jonathan (1/3): I got injured in a challenge. It was awful. Do you know how on fire I am to win this thing? You know how much I can taste this? And you know how I can-- I can actually see it? 39 days from now I'll make a million dollars.
6. Michael (1/8): The whole 18 days that I was on Survivor: The Australian Outback was such an amazing adventure. The Kucha tribe was winning and the killing of the wild boar was a pretty big accomplishment. But I think the world saw that me falling in the fire was my greatest failure. I didn't see it that way. I think to dwell on "what if" would cheat what the adventure was for me. But I'm in love with the fact that I'm able to come out here and do it again.
7. Lisa (2/4): I do get recognized a lot. And even if only one person recognizes me that will travel through my tribe so I really want to keep this, you know, secret.
8. Dawson (1/2): Right behind Probst, pulls up another boat with previous contestants and I'm such a huge fan of the show. I'm thinking to myself, “Okay, are you dreaming?”
9. Michael (2/8): The yellow tribe caught my eye instantly. And I recognized Lisa from the show that I watched when I was growing up. And her show name, Blair, almost came off my lips.
10. Jeff (2/4): We start with returning players from injury and within the first three minutes, my knee is pinned and I could’ve possibly torn my, uh, MCL and this is too bad to believe. If my teammates smell blood, they're going to kick me off this island real fast.
11. Russell (2/7): There's no doubt about the fact that I am just absolutely thrilled to be here again. I feel blessed. So the last time I played this game, I was in this leadership role but this time, the whole leadership ain't gonna happen.
12. Russell (3/7): I don't care what they do. They can vote for chief, they can vote for two chiefs, they can vote for a higher supreme. Whatever it is, I'm not going to be it.
13. Russell (4/7): My plan is to feel them out and if this leadership thing comes up, throw it at the guy who doesn't realize that leadership is a good thing. ‘Cause there's always some guy who's an idiot. "I think I should be the leader." "Okay, you're right! You're the man! Oh, thank you, my hero!" And just watch them crash and burn. Dummy. (laughs)
14. Angie (1/3): So Russell keeps telling us that he's not the leader but he's the one who’s sitting there saying, "Okay, guys, now go take a five-minute break, drink some water." It’s like, okay, we have to listen to him. We do need a leader but I just feel like, we should all kind of just work together, not, like, for him.
15. Malcolm (1/5): I lived in Micronesia teaching ESL to elementary school kids. I wasn't roughing it anything like this but I can do the fire, so I can do palm fronds, coconuts, things like that.
16. Zane (2/9): We made fire in the first, like, forty-five minutes we were here. I would give my buff to know if anybody else has got fire. You just can't beat it.
17. Malcolm (2/5): Day 1, we got the fire going. Russell is the one who actually did it which actually works out in a way because he wants to be the leader so bad, and everything has to be the way he wants it done. So when he was the one who actually got the fire going, in a way a little bit of a target came off my back ‘cause I'm not a threat to him. So it's kind of a blessing that he's the one who pulled it off and he's, you know, on cloud nine, whatever planet he's living on.
18. Jeff (3/4): I think I left my knee at the-- at the boat getting off. Uh, we launched that boat, I was trying to hold all our gear on the boat itself and my leg got stuck and I got flipped over and-- you know, I've played hurt my whole career. You know, I've had surgeries on my knees, but getting on this sand and walking around right now, my knee wants to buckle on the inside. So, uh, I ain't… (grimaces) it just did it again. I ain't feeling too good, um, that medial, uh, ligament I think it is-is hurt. I don't want anybody to know I'm hurt but I'm trying to play it off as best I can for now.
19. Jonathan (2/3): I'm looking at this as my job. This is the early game, it's a marathon. Because this is such a crazy twist of the game starting with three tribes, throws the whole thing up in the air. To get to do this again, to-to even-- I mean, this is so much fun for me and so, uh, rewarding that the opportunity to come out here and do this, even with these new folks, they all seem nice and very cool. And I'm looking forward to really kicking some ass with them. It's very moving. It's moving to be here. It's moving to-to be doing this again. It's a beautiful thing.
20. Dana (1/2): Not that Jonathan's not a good guy but just for the mere fact that he's a returning third-time player, I think he's had his time and I think that, um, I'd like to see one of us win it if it's possible. So, uh, he's out as soon as we can get him out.
21. Michael (3/8): When I looked at the three different tribes, my tribe is the one I would have picked. I think we have a really good mix of brains and brawn. And there's a lot of people that said maybe you should never play again because now you're opening yourself up to that the legend of what I was, to what I am today. So it's a huge risk. But it's what drives me.
22. RC (1/6): I'm definitely an all or nothing type girl and I'm here to play the game no matter what. I definitely clicked with certain people. Like, Abi is fantastic and I actually-- I trust her. I know you're not supposed to trust anybody in this game but you have to trust someone at a certain time.
23. RC (2/6): I'm telling people I'm an executive assistant because I don't want people to know I'm a banker. I think there's such a negative connotation about bankers and Wall Street, but to be a great investment banker you have to have the killer instinct because you always have to be on your toes in New York, you know, hailing a cab in the rain in six-inch heels. So if I can handle Wall Street, I can certainly handle Survivor.
24. RC (3/6): Abi and I just really connect on a good level and so hopefully, that continues throughout the entire game. But who knows how long it’s gonna last.
25. Abi-Maria (1/1): I came to the United States about twelve years ago. I have a very strong Brazilian accent. Hopefully, I can use it as a flirtatious tool.
26. Pete (1/2): Abi keeps staring at me and I think that's going to be a big advantage. She definitely looks like she's ready to play some evil games. She’s pretty hot and she could definitely do some damage.
27. RC (4/6): It's Day 1, me and Abi and Pete, we already have an alliance and I think it's a pretty solid alliance. But what I'm really looking for is a strong four so we've got the majority.
28. Michael (4/8): My strategy coming into this was make sure that you go with the game. If your tribe is moving slow, go slow with them. Don't be the person that just jumps out in the lead. This is a little bit foreign to me, the three-man alliance but the three younger people move fast. I feel like I have to move fast with them or I’m in big trouble.
29. Dana (2/2): Coming into the group and looking around at the rest of them, I don't really see any other tatted up people with punked out, spiky hair. I like Jeff, you know, he's from the south, like, I'm from the south. Obviously, he has a ranch and, uh, I grew up riding four wheelers, fishing. I'd fight any boy that in the trailer park that would ever challenge me. So maybe, uh, me and Jeff can pull some southern roots together and bond on that.
30. Jeff (4/4): Being a baseball player could be a disadvantage to me. There's a lot of baggage that goes along with it. As in, you know, he made money so you don't need the money. But this game is not about who deserves a million bucks because you're in debt or you don't have a lot of money. I've been a fan of the show for a long time and I want to play the game. I've been out of baseball for four years now and I love to compete. No, I don't need the million bucks, but, uh, I'd sure like to be the Sole Survivor.
31. Dawson (2/2): I used to spend time with a guy who was really into baseball and I know who Jeff Kent is. But there's been no mention of him being a former professional athlete who's made probably thirty million dollars in his career. I don't think the other tribe members know and I think Jeff likes it that way. But I will tell him that I know as soon as it becomes valuable to me.
32. Lisa (3/4): I've always thought, “Oh, I would so love to be on Survivor.” Not only have I not ever missed a season, I've never missed a show. I don't plan to volunteer that I was on a television series because nobody will give me a million dollars because they feel like I've already had my fifteen minutes of fame. And I don't know if I have what it takes to play the game in a cutthroat way so I have to play to my strengths. I'm trying to connect with each person on a one-on-one basis.
33. Lisa (4/4): We filmed the last episode of The Facts of Life in March of '88, I got married in July of '88 and then after that I left show business behind. But I lost all the money that I made on The Facts of Life. I had a bunch of money invested, a lot of it just kind of went the way of the-the '80s crash and that has just haunted me for twenty years. Being on Survivor at this season of my life is just a Godsend because I've been running and running from-from the time I was a little kid, to slow down and go inside and to find out, “Okay, is-is-- what-- who am I? Am-am I more than a mom? Am I more than a child star?” And so I'm excited about the game because I love the game. But on a whole another level, I'm really excited about what's gonna change inside me.
34. RC (5/6): Lisa is, like, this very beautiful, older woman and it's like she doesn't hang out with us and then she'll go off on her own. So I think it's hard to trust Lisa and I think it's easy to sort of make her a scapegoat.
35. Michael (5/8): Lisa's way famous. Like, worldwide famous. Like, her show was on everyday for years, and years, and years, and years, and years, and she should be playing that trump card because young impressionable people might be, “Wow!” I'm kind of wow. But maybe her show was so old that they wouldn't even know who she is anyways even if she told them. I don't know her strategy fully for not revealing who she is but I want to!
36. Michael (6/8): I'd love Lisa to stay because I, more from an age standpoint, fit with her and I'm sort of waiting for her to start playing, to start bonding. Her name comes up in a discussion of who do you want to be voted out first and I don't want it to be her. But if I'm going to get with the team that's playing the game, I've got to go with the game, as opposed to your heart.
37. Denise (1/3): I'm a licensed sex therapist. So being a therapist, I'm really curious about Zane because at first you go, “God, this guy is trouble,” but then you look closer and you go, “Okay, wait a minute,” look closer at those tattoos. He's lost somebody, there's a-a death date of somebody on his arm, and he's got the serenity prayer on his hands, so part of me is kind of hoping, “This guy's got some story.” And if nothing else, I'm curious about his story.
38. Zane (3/9): I've worked in a lot of different places. I’ve worked in retail a lot, I’ve worked in a junkyard, and then now I'm retreading tires. But all the jobs I've had, it gives you a chance to be able to interact with everybody, from a crackhead selling three dollars worth of cans to a million dollar businessman. All the jobs, they all form together to make me the perfect Survivor player.
39. Roxy (1/1): Zane's interesting. Zane's the guy that I didn't think that would be my favorite. But I feel like Zane's pretty honest when he's with me, but Zane could just be a really good people person!
40. Zane (4/9): I'm already a superstar. Been made alliances with everybody on the tribe and everybody seems to think that I'm their only alliance. It's really just up to me now to pick ‘em apart. Whoever I'm ready to send home after this first challenge, that's the end of it, you know? I mean, it's just pecking order.
41. Malcolm (3/5): Zane walked up and says, "Listen, I already made an alliance with everybody on the this beach." “Well, now I feel special. Thanks for coming to me last.” But Denise is a therapist in real life. She's practiced at keeping her emotions out of situations and really drawing them out of others, and if she's a good person to have around for me to kind of scheme with. So it could end up being an alliance that I end up staying with for a very long time.
42. Denise (2/3): I just had this gut instinct about Malcolm. He's young but his wise, and instantly, we just clicked. And it was like, “What are you feeling? Here's what I'm feeling.” So as long as my alliance with Malcolm holds true, I’m good.
43. Michael (7/8): I'm not comfortable with the level of progress so far because we don't have a fire, which means we don't have water, and it's been raining since the crack of dawn. So I knew I needed to take a real strong leadership role here right now and say, “Let's get on this.”
44. RC (6/6): I think Skupin gives a 110% constantly but by doing that, he misses the little stuff like a twig or a bamboo shoot that's going to hit you in the head. I think it's more understanding what happened on The Outback and him falling into the fire now ‘cause, like, he doesn't care about injuries. I think he thinks he's Superman. You know, Superman needs to take a little bit of a break… (laughs) and maybe, you know, take the machete away from him. Maybe that's his kryptonite.
45. Michael (8/8): I'm cut, I got ripped skin, I-I chopped my head off. But I'm not accident prone. You know, it's just the way that I go through life: act first, think second. Nothing is anywhere near an issue. I'm still good.
46. Pete (2/2): Mike's a completes mess. It's not funny that he gets hurt but it's funny that it happens over and over again. I mean, we really haven't gotten in any situations where he can seriously get injured but, I mean, we'll see when we have fire what happens.
47. Katie (1/1): Well, I already don't like the shady stuff that's going around with Jonathan. I mean, we all stick together. We're, like, a family and he's just off doing his own thing and I feel like that's not unity. So he's dangerous.
48. Jonathan (3/3): I have been looking for the Hidden Immunity Idol all day. I've been looking at all the obvious places that I think it could be. There's the tree with the arch. There's the tree in the water. Nowhere. Nowheresville. Then I say, “Of course, it's in the camp right now buried in the dirt or attached underneath or something like that.” Then I remember the one thing that was waiting for us when we first hit the beach was a machete and a pot which you always have, but there was also this beautiful box with a big bag of rice. It's in the rice. It has to be! Ha, ha! Finally, found the clue! The idol is either in the rice bucket itself, somehow, or it’s underneath our camp. It's there, it’s waiting for me. But I need to find the thing!
49. Russell (5/7): I go to, you know, cook the rice. There's a piece of paper in there. I'm like, “That's the clue! I'm good!” Just happenstance! Is just sheer luck.
50. Zane (5/9): So I'm swimming and I see Russell as he's shuffling with the firewood, he's reaching in his pocket. I don't trust Russell no farther than I can sling him ‘cause this is his second time in this game. Everybody else, you know, it's their first rodeo. He's the only one I'm worried about.
51. Zane (6/9): I point blank asked Russell, "Have you been looking for the idol?" "No, no, no, no. I'm not looking for the idol because we're teammates. If I see anybody looking for the idol, I'm voting them out." He's so calm and so charismatic, just makes me kind of believe that he's already got it. And so, if we go lose the first challenge, we’re gonna get rid of Russell.
52. Malcolm (4/5): Russell Swan just kind of took over and didn't listen to a single word anybody said. So I get to go see Tribal on night 3.
53. Russell (6/7): As I'm kind of finishing, you know, kind of the pep talk, Zane basically cuts me off and the guy throws himself under the bus. What it did was it made the decision pretty damn easy in terms of who's going home tonight.
54. Zane (7/9): My whole reason why I'm throwing my neck on the chopping block is to establish what I'm running against. This whole ruse that I just threw on was just to fill out my tribe and exactly how I need to work things. So hopefully, everybody loves me to the point to where they would rather have me as a hindrance than to keep Russell. I took my shot. I'm playing chess the best way I know how and hopefully, I'ma king me.
55. Angie (2/3): I'm former Miss Utah Teen. I'm a very, very competitive person. I never like to lose. It’s just like, I'm so annoyed because Russell wants everyone to think that he's not the leader. He's like, "I'm not the leader, guys." But he makes those calls like in the challenges. A leader would listen to his tribe and really take into consideration what their strengths and what their weaknesses are.
56. Angie (3/3): If we have to vote Zane out, I would if it would get me further in the game, but I would like to see Russell gone because I like Zane. He is so funny. He's just like-- he's a good genuine person and I would like to see him around. I mean, I know he's not that strong in challenges but I just didn't want to see him give up like that.
57. Zane (8/9): Angie was like, "Look, please don't go home. Let's blindside Russ." (chuckles) You ain't never seen a move like this in Survivor history.
58. Zane (9/9): Malcolm came to me and begged me to stay. Now the only thing I have to worry about now, is if Russ actually has the idol.
59. Malcolm (5/5): Zane, he was already going home by his own free will, but the thing is… we think Russell has an idol. The sketchiest part is that the information comes from Zane, of all people, that Russell has an idol. But if we vote out Russell, we're obviously down muscle-wise, three days in. And I think Zane, at one point, asked Russell to drag him through the course. So quite literally, he's the one who’s weighing the tribe down.
60. Denise (3/3): Right now, there's this feeling that Russell has maybe found an Immunity Idol and so Zane might have a shot to stay. But, you know, nothing against Zane, but this is not the point in the game where you can have weak players. You know, God, it just sucks having to make this decision.
61. Russell (7/7): I think I'm okay tonight. But I actually made my first mistake today. I just clicked into this kind of chief mode, if you will, and thought I have to make this call. I didn't have to. This is not about leadership. Leadership kills, dude, and I went right back into the old mode. You never know with this game and these people could vote me out tonight.
1. Russell (1/4): We went to Tribal tonight. I knew my head was potentially on the chopping block. I got into this kind of tribal chief thing where it was my way or the highway and it almost got me voted out. So, my strategy going forward is to step back and let them rise and fall on decisions that they make. That way, if we crash and burn, then they can be on the chopping block as opposed to me.
2. Angie (1/1): It is so freaking cold. If me and Malcolm wouldn’t have cuddled, I would have froze to death. There's nothing going on between us. It’s just, you know, when it's cold, you need to cuddle up to someone.
3. Malcolm (1/4): When I first saw Angie, I kept having to remind myself, don't get booty blinded, don't get booty blinded. You're here to play Survivor, to make a million dollars and go home. But, I mean, there's no denying, that's a good-looking girl.
4. Roxy (1/6): So I wake up in the middle of the night, and Malcolm and Angie, they're, like, cuddling, full on cuddling. It's the same trap that’s set every time, and with Angie, literally, it's a booby trap, and Malcolm is falling for it. I was not born yesterday, okay. As a tribe, we need to be aware that is going on because those two are dangerous together. One has got to go, period.
5. RC (1/4): The weather is horrible. It's absolutely horrific. Everything is soaking wet. And I was, like, nervous about the rice getting moldy, and so I stuck my hand in just to make sure. And, like, I checked the bag before to find the clue and-and I didn't find anything, and this time, I found it right away. Lisa was looking over my shoulder so I was hoping she didn't really see my face or-or give away anything.
6. RC (2/4): Sometimes I feel Abi could potentially use me in the future, but I feel like I can use her in the future. So if I get her on my side, solidify her with me, then that will be the strongest twosome, at least in our tribe.
7. RC (3/4): Me and Abi really clicked from Day 1, but since we haven't had to go to Tribal Council, our alliance hasn't been tested yet. I shared the clue with her and that should be proof enough that I really trust her and no one else in this game.
8. Abi-Maria (1/2): It is great that R.C. wants to share the idol with me. I was very lucky to catch her finding the clue, so she has no other choice. But a side of me tells me to be careful. I just don't know if I can trust R.C. all the way, because I feel that she's getting a little bit too close to Mike. I catch them whispering a little too much, I catch them switching conversations when I walk in. If she screws me over, that's it, she's dead to me.
9. RC (4/4): I thought Abi was my number two. I thought she could handle it but she can go off like that, and that really makes me nervous. She thinks that I could be making sub alliances and I'm not. And I don't know how to prove that to her.
10. Jeff (1/2): I'm struggling a little bit with this weather, but I played baseball for seventeen years and, you know, Survivor is going to be a long season for me. I'm up for the challenge. I know how to wait people out. In baseball, we played for six months. If you don't have anything left in the tank in October, then you're not going to be a champion.
11. Jeff (2/2): The way things are going with my knee, sitting around watching the rain fall could be good for me right now. I'm making sure I take care of my knee and making sure I got enough energy so our team can win.
12. Jonathan (1/5): The downside of this constant rain, the idol is somewhere right in our camp and I can't get them out of the shelter. I need ten minutes just so I can dig around and get this damn idol. It's there, it's waiting for me. I can't get to it!
13. Jonathan (2/5): Luckily, they're so concerned about the rain, they've all gone to a cave.
14. Jonathan (3/5): I never had an Immunity Idol. I've never had individual immunity at all. This is a key to the game. I've got to find this thing before they get back to camp. And I'm saying, “Just stay calm.” Who knows how long you have?
15. Jonathan (4/5): Dawson comes into camp so I made up this insane story, “I lost my glasses. I had to go under to get them because the rain washed my contact lens out,” which was ridiculous. A fatuous lie. I can't find it anywhere. It's right under my nose. It's gotta be there, it’s gotta be in the camp, under my nose. I'm getting more and more frustrated, and then a light bulb goes off. If I had opened the clue where the clue was, on top of the rice, there's a little wooden bull with a very prominent nose.
16. Jonathan (5/5): For the first time in three tries, I have… (sighs) the Hidden Immunity Idol. It's fantastic. The idol is right under your nose. You have the Hidden Immunity Idol and you feel that you can dance forever, nothing can touch you-- now of course, that's not true. You know, I know a lot of guys who thought, “I'm going to dance all the way to the million,” and they got blindsided. Those are mistakes that-- well, listen (makes cross sign with fingers and spits on floor)-- those are-- that's a mistake that I'm not going to make, I hope.
17. Roxy (2/6): So I wake up on Day 5, and Malcolm and Angie are cuddling, again. And I'm, like, “I want one of you out.” Malcolm is clearly more useful. So in order to get Angie out, I knew I had to get Russell on my side.
18. Russell (2/4): Where people sleep in the shelter, is pretty telling. And Angie, hot young chick with the-- I mean, it looks like she's got some-some boob thing going on. But, you know, they're popping up all over the place. And I don't blame Malcolm for wanting a little slap and tickle, but I can't get down with that. You get your bang on somewhere else, because Survivor couples, uh-uh, you know, you want to whack that thing down real quick.
19. Denise (1/3): Apparently, Roxy sees Malcolm and Angie as this couple, as this big threat, you know, kind of, “Hey, we need to split that up.” But Malcolm and I are in an alliance. I think part of it is just a twenty-four year-old guy snuggling up to something that is really nice to snuggle up to, but now it’s like, there’s these huge targets on their back.
20. Malcolm (2/4): This morning, there was a very strange vibe going around camp. I'm not sure what was going on, but, uh, now I'm nervous the rest of the tribe is freaking out about me and Angie coupling up. They could see that as a threat potentially, and if that's the case, we could be in trouble.
21. Lisa (1/3): I'm an introvert by nature, so I don't do well with chit-chat. I'm just not very good at that. I'm very, very shy, and so if I'm on the stage, I can be behind a role. But in real life, my tendency is just to withdraw and not let anybody in.
22. Abi-Maria (2/2): I think that Lisa is a little bit sneaky. She's just, like, an outsider. I don't feel like she's trying hard enough to connect with the tribe. We created an alliance, and she wasn't a part of it because she wasn't connecting with anybody else.
23. Lisa (2/3): (tearfully) I don't feel like I'm fitting in. I'm already on the outside and don't really have somebody that I can trust or talk to. I've been on my own since I was twelve, you know, when I moved to California to be on the Mickey Mouse Club and I left my family. So I'm very used to… just taking care of myself. So I think, in real life, I'm trying to learn to open up and trust more and depend on other people, but this is not the place to experiment with that.
24. Lisa (3/3): It's hard being on the outside, and, uh, you know, I just-- maybe I'm not just not able to play this game.
25. Russell (3/4): The last time I played this game, I went out, the place was raining. I come back in, it's raining again. So I guess we're just going to be wet and miserable and it's just going to suck the be us.
26. Malcolm (3/4): I haven't been this wet in my life. This is ridiculous. It hasn't stopped raining for more than half an hour since we got here. Russell's on fire duty, and me and Denise are just trying to keep the shelter in one piece, and Roxy is just out of it. She's not working. Her mind's not in it, and everyone's noticing it.
27. Roxy (3/6): (tearfully) Being in seminary school and being someone of Christian faith, I thought that would give me great strength within this game. But with it being so rainy and so freezing cold, I just came to the realization that I'm not in my comfort zone at all.
28. Roxy (4/6): (tearfully) I haven't had a good night's sleep since I've gotten here, and to be in a place where you literally have nothing, none of your friends. You have none of your family. You don't have your church. Like, right now, I'm, like, encountering Christ all over again, and it's… it’s not easy.
29. Denise (2/3): Roxy, she's praying for, like, sunshine from God. If it works for her, fantastic. I'm respectful, but it's just not my gig. I don't pray for anything. Anything that's going to get me to the end of the game, it's going to be me. We have another challenge coming up, and not once does my mind go to, “God, help me win this challenge.” No. Dig in, dig deep and make it happen.
30. Russell (4/4): So, we go to the challenge today, and once again, we lost. Twenty year-old Angie, beauty queen, she's, like, "I don't think I can do this," and then here's Roxy saying, "Not me. I have not had enough water to drink today," and I just lost it. Roxanne has been extremely successful at making herself a target for getting her head chopped off. But I need Roxy. Every time something happens in camp, if she's around, I know about it. She was the one that told me about Malcolm and Angie. Those two have linked up, and I'm the one with the largest target on my back, so if Roxanne goes, I'm, like, screwed.
31. Roxy (5/6): This is why companies don't like fraternization. It spoils a group. But they’re not listening to me. Malcolm and Angie are too busy being up each other's butt and it's frustrating because she doesn't bring anything to the team.
32. Roxy (6/6): It's like Miss America all day long, and it's annoying. Bottom line, Angie needs to go. Not just because she’s the weakest link, but her relationship with Malcolm is just not good.
33. Malcolm (4/4): I thought it was a done deal that Roxy's going home. The girl is doing nothing around camp, and she just isn't helpful with anything, but the girl still got a little fight in her. She chatted up Russell and for a good long while. I know I shouldn't be cuddling with Angie, but it's cold at night, and I scooch over and an arm comes and maybe a leg, and then I'm alright. It's only flesh and blood. A good-looking blond girl is gonna throw her arm and leg over me, I'm not going to push her away. But, uh, now I'm nervous that might come back to bite me.
34. Denise (3/3): At this point, Roxy and Russell are definitely aligned, and I know Malcolm and Angie are aligned. And I'm caught in the middle of all it. I can't put my finger on it, but there is something just about Roxy that I just don't trust. But at the same time, even though I've got my alliance with Malcolm, I mean, if somebody's snuggling and I'm the odd one out, I'm on the bottom. I mean, and I don't want to be on the bottom. The problem is, there's pros and cons to keeping both, but I've got to do what's best for me. And so again, I feel pretty sure about what my vote's going to be, but it's a long way to Tribal Council, and I'll have to figure it out.
1. Angie (1/5): Where do I even start with Tribal Council? Roxy just kind of exploded-- it came out of nowhere. She wanted to go out with a bang, I think, so her strategy was to just throw me and Malcolm under the bus because that's the only thing she could even say. We're down to four now and each and every one of them trust me and I trust all of them and they know that me and Malcolm are nothing but friends. They all know that.
2. Russell (1/5): Roxy was absolutely right tonight at Tribal. That alliance between Malcolm and Angie is real, um, and I think it's pretty tight. At the end of the day, that's two votes. So all they need is one more. If Denise decides she’s gonna hitch her wagon to the young ones then I'm dead.
3. Abi-Maria (1/3): I am a little bit concerned that I'm in trouble because I have my knee injured. I twisted my knee twice since I’ve been here. And I'm not trusting R.C. with that clue for the idol anymore.
4. RC (1/2): You know, me and Abi really clicked from Day 1 and we built an alliance together and I really trust her and I'm 100% with her, uh, but she's a little bit more hesitant and her paranoia, I think, is getting the best of her right now.
5. RC (2/2): Abi definitely got a little hardcore with our conversation. We gave each other our word. Our word is our bond. I feel, like, I shared the Hidden Immunity Idol clue with her and that should be proof enough that I really trust her and no one else in this game.
6. Abi-Maria (2/3): We were in an alliance of Mike, R.C., and Peter and I. Peter has been a bit more genuine with me. I shared the news with Peter, so we have the clue and we want to find it before R.C. does.
7. Pete (1/3): I don't like stepping into things until I know exactly what’s going on. I’m looking like I’m not paying attention but I'm paying attention to everything that’s going around me. I’m-- it’s-it's like, I'm on surveillance. I'm just sitting there and I’m listening because then I know what moves to make.
8. Pete (2/3): I feel like an alliance is only as strong as the day it’s made. And they want to put Lisa on the chopping block and get rid of her first, but I like Lisa. I don't see any problem with her and I also see someone later in the game that I’m easily gonna be able to get rid of.
9. Lisa (1/2): So Peter is wanting to blindside Mike. And I would prefer to blindside R.C. but Peter is the one that’s calling it so I need to lay low and go with him.
10. Lisa (2/2): The best analogy, and I'm not even a card player, is it just feels like I'm dealt a new hand every day, and every day I have to play the hand that I have. You're up and down, and up and down, and up and down. So today, I'm up but I'm cautiously up.
11. Jeff (1/5): You know, Dana and I, we ended up looking at the rice box and on the top of the lid of the rice box there was an emblem that was nailed to the top of the rice box. We noticed that piece is gone now.
12. Jeff (2/5): I'm pissed off and absolutely not at Jonathan. I mean, I give him props. It was in our face. We touched it. We looked at it. We… we-we weren't even curious about it and that's a pure veteran move.
13. Jeff (3/5): I don't have any plans to-to confront Jonathan right now about the idol. We might be able to pull a little blindside where we can get Jonathan off of that idol in his pocket. But above anything, I'm still ticked off that I just-- I let-- I let the idol go right between-- right between my eyes.
14. Malcolm (1/4): Woke up this morning, Denise looks down the beach and sees that our raft is gone. We thought we had it above the tide line but, uh, it's just gone. Little bit of a morale downer. That could come back to haunt us.
15. Malcolm (2/4): Tribe of six is already down to four. And, uh, me and Denise have been tight from the beginning, not me and Angie like everyone seems to believe. If we go back to Tribal, it’s gonna come down to Angie or Russell, but right now there's no clear cut next choice to go home.
16. Denise (1/2): There was such a focus on Malcolm and Angie, you know, as a-- as a couple at Tribal Council, but I'm still holding that trust that it’s Malcolm and I, and when the time comes, he’ll cut Ange. Because it's a numbers game, I feel much stronger having Russell because we have to win a challenge.
17. Angie (2/5): Russell struggled at the challenge. You know, the first time he-he had a really hard time getting up the ladder, and then the second time, Russell just kind of gave up. So that's the thing, you know, he might be big and he might be strong, but he is the weak link.
18. Dana (1/1): The challenge was awesome. We took first place and it felt really good to win some fishing stuff. We are always wanting to eat so I think that works out. We're a hungry tribe.
19. Jonathan (1/1): The challenge was fantastic but as we're coming back, I'm a little nervous. I believe Jeff knows that I'm an experienced player. He’s very wary of me. But I want him to be on my side and I want him to trust me.
20. Jeff (4/5): Jonathan expressed to me that he had the idol. I’m happy he approached me and I’ll try to befriend him a little bit and try to forge a little better relationship. I gotta just figure out what’s gonna be best for me. This is a me game. This isn't a we game.
21. Jeff (5/5): At the end, he wanted to cut a deal with a handshake so I gave him a four finger handshake, not a-- not a manly shake, not a five finger handshake, because I'm not so committed. In my book, unless it's a manly handshake, it's not going to count.
22. Artis (1/1): Today's challenge was extremely disappointing for me. The positive is we don't have to to go to do Tribal Council. The negative is we should had won. The problem was Mike decided to dive face first into the water with the mask and the mask crashed after telling me not to dive with the mask, who dove with the mask, no problem whatsoever. Well, I'm about fed up with Mike. Now he’s on my-- he’s in my-- he’s in in my sights.
23. Abi-Maria (3/3): While everyone is talking clams, I was getting right on to work. You know, they all went out looking for clams and I thought, you know, “It's going to be either me finding the Hidden Immunity Idol or R.C.” So I took the opportunity, I went after it.
24. Pete (3/3): Abi found the Hidden Immunity Idol right on top of the bag of rice which is a really good thing because she's my, basically, right hand man. So I'm thinking I could definitely get Artis and Lisa to do whatever I want, so it's going to be a lot easier to get rid of Mike and kind of neutralize R.C.
25. Malcolm (3/4): I just want to scream. It's just tragic that I'm stuck out here with just the goon squad of tribes. We have a girl who couldn't get a float out from two feet under the water. Russell, built like an ox, can't climb a three foot ladder out of the ocean. Nothing’s going right. This is the group of goons I get stuck with? Like, it’s… (scoffs) Thank God for Denise. Denise was a war horse today. I mean, that little munchkin of muscle, just cranked them out.
26. Angie (3/5): I don't want Malcolm and Denise to think of me as, like, a weak link or as a girl who just gives up because I never said, “I can't.” I mean, I am the youngest. I have been proving myself and I hope they can see that.
27. Denise (2/2): I think it would be a ridiculous choice to keep Angie at this point, but I don't know that I could get Malcolm to vote Angie. And then Russell, Russell couldn't climb a ladder. Maybe he needs to go home.
28. Russell (2/5): We lost the Immunity Challenge again. And, you know, everybody has their weaknesses. Mine showed up today, and diving ten feet down, that's just not my thing.
29. Russell (3/5): It's really hard to see a clear path forward. If they want to make a bold move and get rid of me, ‘cause this is the time to get rid of a strong player, I could be gone. What is it about this game that frightens me so much? Last time I almost died, and I thought this time was gonna be different and then we lose the first challenge, and then we lose the second challenge, and now we lost the third challenge. You know, I don't know if it's God's plan for me to be here for just a short amount of time.
30. Russell (4/5): I am down but I am not out.
31. Malcolm (4/4): Tonight is actually hard. The first two were easy. But between Russ and Angie, it's a tossup for different reasons. Me and Russ have not talked strategy since Day 1. Angie, on the other hand, is-- I wouldn't say in my pocket but she would do whatever we want to do. I just gotta keep myself positioned as strong as I possibly can.
32. Angie (4/5): I trust Malcolm and I know Denise and Malcolm will get out Russell.
33. Angie (5/5): Tonight at Tribal, I want to show them and, you know, say, “I am here to win. I’m a 100%. I will do anything it takes.” And I-I’m here for them and I wanna win. You know, that's my number one goal.
34. Russell (5/5): There's been a lot of people who have come before me. My ancestors who have dealt with the middle passage, Jim Crow, whatever… People whose shoulders I stand on have persevered, and at the end of the day, that's where I'm going to draw my strength. Because to not continue to fight would be to spit in the face of all those people who endured so much more than I will ever endure in my life, and definitely in this damn game.
1. Malcolm (1/7): You know, you go 0-3 in your first three Immunity Challenges, wake up the next morning and then it's pouring rain and your fire's out. It's just like, “What else can you possibly pile on?” I think we all put on brave faces for each other. Everyone's scared and everyone's a little bit nervous. But one win is all it's gonna take to turn the mood around camp. Just one win to know that it's possible that we're not just destined for annihilation.
2. Denise (1/4): Oh, it’s-- you know, having three people in a tribe, you know, at Day 9? This is not what I envisioned at all. Sitting in our shelter this morning, you know, the rain's coming down and the three of us are in there and, you know, we-we joke and we're making jokes and having conversations, but then you'll get that silence and my thoughts aren't on like, “Oh, missing home yet.” My thoughts are on, “How do I stay here? Who's going home?” And, you know, in college I did have roommates and we had three, and with three there's always one that's out. You know, the minute I don't take all my stuff to Tribal Council will be the night I'm probably going home.
3. Russell (1/5): My plan is with Denise and Malcolm to mount the greatest comeback that's ever been seen. There is no quit in either one of them. There damn sure isn't any quit for me because I know I was willing to die for this damn game the last time I played it. So line it up, let's go, and we'll let the chips fall where they may.
4. Lisa (1/2): You know, you have nothing to do out here but think about different scenarios and how they might go, especially when it's raining nonstop. And for people who come onto Survivor, you're usually going to be a type A person who's usually able to take the world by the nose and make it happen. And I'm just worried that, uh, the rain may prove, once again, that we are not ultimately in control.
5. Pete (1/3): The weather sucks but I'm feeling really good. I feel like I'm in a very, very, very good position in this game and I plan on creating a lot of chaos out here. And any chaos that I create is going to be beneficial to me.
6. Abi-Maria (1/2): I was just staring at the raft where we sleep and I saw a little piece of paper sticking out. It's the clue that-that R.C. and I have safely been guarding.
7. Abi-Maria (2/2): I think she went, got the clue out of where we had buried it, put it in her bag and I think it fell. She has no idea that I found the Hidden Immunity Idol, but I don't feel bad because me finding that clue proved to me that she wasn't 100% honest with me at all.
8. RC (1/3): I have no idea what happened with the clue. I certainly didn't put it there, but because this popped up, I'm a little weary of my place right now in the tribe.
9. Pete (2/3): R.C. didn't do anything. I was the one who put it there. Abi showed me where the clue to the idol was so I went and got it, put in my pocket, R.C.'S bag spilled all over the bed and I was like… (gestures putting clue in bag) and then boom, clue planted. This could haven't gone any better. This is amazing. I think it's hilarious. All you have to do is just create a little chaos because keeping people on their toes is a big part of my strategy. I don't want anybody to be able to play their game. I want them to play my game.
10. Jonathan (1/2): The rain was really debilitating but when the sun comes out, man, and you find yourself in a tropical paradise! I mean, this is the most extraordinary place I've ever been. So we said, “Okay, let's just get busy. Let's just get working.”
11. Jeff (1/2): We've got a really young group of kids that aren't married, that don't know how to carry a professional conversation. Jonathan can do that. You know, and he's-- and he’s trying, you know? The guy's trying.
12. Jeff (2/2): You know, from the get-go, you know, when we had Jonathan on our raft, I always had an idea. You know, it doesn't matter if it was Jonathan or Russell or-or, uh, Skupin, I didn't want a veteran to win this game. But, uh, I’ve got to adapt. Jonathan has the idol now. You know, I want to get further in this game so we’re gonna have to make some adjustments.
13. Jonathan (2/2): Jeff and I actually, you know, like each other and, uh, he's a hell of a competitor, he’s a really nice guy and, uh, he and I are prepared to be loyal to each other deep into the game. Having him on my side, at least for the time being, will make us both pretty, pretty powerful. And, uh, and it's exciting. It's exciting to have a real ally… I think I do.
14. Carter (1/1): It's kind of crazy because I decided that Jonathan was no longer a target of mine but somebody that I was going to work with and try to get to the top five with him and then target him. So I'd say me, Jeff, and Jonathan right now have a pretty good alliance and the girls, for all I can tell, are on the chopping block.
15. Dawson (1/1): At the beginning of the game, there was our five-person alliance of the, you know, brand new castaways and then there was Jonathan on the other end and we were kind of working to get him out. But the guys went out on to the ocean and they were out there for a couple hours and, of course, what are they talking about? Just them in the water? They're talking about us!
16. Dana (1/1): I think women naturally feel more comfortable around each other. You know, as the game progresses, I think that the sex starts to split a little and, um, you know, the guys have this strict thing that they think that this is what they add to the table, and women definitely think well, I have this awesome social game and this adds to the table.
17. Malcolm (2/7): You know, I think I sized Russ up pretty good right off the bat. He's met my low expectations the entire ti-- way through. He's been foisted twice now into a position of leadership and it worked out once in Samoa for him. I mean, until, you know, he collapsed. You can tell watching him that he lacked self-awareness from Day 1. And it's apparent in challenges, apparent in the way he talks to us around camp. It's apparent when he loses his cool at Tribal for no reason. He's still here only because we're doing so badly and we need muscle mass.
18. Russell (2/5): So, I mean, in terms of sleeping arrangements, food, all that stuff, great. Game play? Sucks. Because, yeah, everybody's trying to figure out how it's not gonna be them. But the unfortunate part is neither one of them has said anything to me about where they want to go in the event that the bottom falls out of this thing and that makes me a little suspicious.
19. Russell (3/5): So I have a clue to where the idol is hidden and until my torch is snuffed, I will be trying to find that idol because there's no question about it: I'm probably gonna need it. The clue reads something like… (chuckles) and I love this word (air quotes) "Somewhere near your beach, it's right beneath your nose." The real frustrating part is I have a feeling that I've been like past this thing like a hundred million times. It's like, right there and then everybody's gonna see, there's gonna be, like, this flash on the screen and they're gonna be like, “This dummy! He's walking past it.” And it just-- it just sucks.
20. Denise (2/4): Went up the beach when we had a momentary break in the rain, gathered some wood and I came around the corner and I don't know why, but just… it just seemed a little shady. Russell was at the very corner of the… of our shelter and he was putting a banana leaf there and he kind of said like… I don't know, but it-it definitely kind of planted a little seed of "What are you doing?"
21. Malcolm (3/7): I was talking to Denise and she had this scared look her in eye and tells me she thinks Russell has an idol, and I guess she saw him digging around the corner of the shelter. So after Denise tells me all this, the logical thing is if you busted him while he was hiding it, he just stuck it in his pocket.
22. Malcolm (4/7): So me and Denise went through all of his stuff in the shelter. I mean, I have no shame out here. If you have an idol, I want to know about it. I want as many variables in my control as possible. It wasn't in his clothes, wasn't in his shoes, wasn't in his bag but there's no reason to take a risk. Might as well just blindside him and, you know, leave no room for error.
23. Pete (3/3): There was already a wedge between R.C. and Abi but now it's concrete and it all comes from one piece of paper. I would love to send R.C. home right now. I don't trust R.C. as far as I can throw her. She’s dangerous. But she has one big problem: I'm here.
24. RC (2/3): Abi is irrational. I mean, she's not a rational player. You don't know what she's thinking. I'm worried about my place in the tribe because she clearly didn't want to talk to me about the Hidden Immunity clue. I don't know if she planted it, I don’t know if she got angry at me and planted it, I have no idea.
25. RC (3/3): You know, I thought I had it locked down. I thought I had Abi as my number two. I thought I had Pete. I think I'm in danger if there's an Immunity Challenge and we lose.
26. Lisa (2/2): I think the-the straw that broke the camel's back was when R.C. let the clue accidently come out of her bag and Abi's little Brazilian spice just, uh, broke open. So more of my energy is going to go into just blowing a little oxygen on some fire over here and let them flame out for me so that I don't have to be the one that takes the heat.
27. Malcolm (5/7): I can say, personally, my lowest low was after the challenge today. To say my dog died a few years ago, that I had all my life, and I didn't cry, I was about ready to cry after that challenge because it hurt that much.
28. Russell (4/5): It's disbelief, frustration, sadness, all, you know, all those things because tonight we have to vote one of the three of us out. It could be me.
29. Malcolm (6/7): You know, me and Denise have been strategically aligned since Day 1 but I'm having to make decisions on Day 9 that I didn't consider having to make until Day 20 or so. I'd like to think that Russell believes that I'm going with him to vote out Denise and keep our matchup strong going forward, and I'd like for Denise to believe that I'm with her and that we're going to vote out Russ like we've been planning for a week now.
30. Denise (3/4): I've got my alliance that's with Malcolm and I hope it's strong. For me it's strong. But if Russell has the Immunity Idol, it's not good. And, you know, I don't want to have to draw rocks, I don't want to have to revote. I mean, I don't want to have to go there. So right now, we're trying to get Russell to think that he's the swing or to think that he's comfortable so that if he does have an Immunity Idol, he doesn't play it.
31. Russell (5/5): Well, Denise finally has kind of said something to me about wanting to vote Malcolm. Now, wait a minute, what if it-- what-what if it really is Malcolm wanting to vote Denise, and Denise wanting to vote Malcolm and I'm in this pivotal position? What am I gonna do?
32. Malcolm (7/7): Tonight with only three people and everyone telling everybody else that it's the other person, this could go any way, really. And I like to think I'm sitting in the controlling seat. You know, when Denise walks up to me, I say, "Yeah, we're getting rid of Russ." Russ walked up to me, I say, "Yeah, we gotta get rid of Denise. Us two have to stay strong." Denise walks up, “Yeah, we wanted to get Russ out a long time ago, we’re doing that.” Russ probably walks up to Denise, Denise says, "Oh, let's get rid of Malcolm. I think me and you probably have the best, like, bond," or something. It's a little terrifying.
33. Denise (4/4): Yes, I'm a midwesterner. Yes, I have faith in human beings. I have to, that's what I hang on to. And if I get bamboozled tonight, you know, it's not going to shake my faith that these are two good guys. It’ll tell me that, you know, I screwed up and they played the game better than me.
34. Malcolm (1/6): We're down to two members on Day 10 already. Ha. I thought this might happen on Day 39, not-not a week and a half into the game. It's not totally unprecedented to have one tribe so low, but, uh, this early on, we don't know what to expect or what's going to get thrown at us. Everyone loves an underdog story right? So, two against twelve? The odds are long but, you know, I wouldn't count us out just yet.
2. Malcolm (2/6): The rain didn't let up all night. We don't have a tarp. We haven't won anything. So it was just us in the fetal position waiting for the sun to come up. We're about as down and out as you can possibly get at this point. We have a Reward Challenge today, just two of us against two tribes of six. It seems like a good time for, like, some sort of tribe mix-up or swap or just be absorbed. And if we're not coming back to our beach, this might be my last chance to really go look for the idol today.
3. Denise (1/4): We don't know what's going to happen now that we're down to two. Maybe it's going to be, like, a reshuffling of the deck. But the Immunity Idol is still here, and so we started looking all over. If it's in our camp, where would it be?
4. Malcolm (3/6): This should not be this complicated. (chuckles) We're just digging up every point of interest around our camp, trying to find this damn thing. I'm going to burn the damn thing down until I find it.
5. Malcolm (4/6): This is huge. We have no safety now going forward except each other, against twelve other people. And now I have-- this is leverage. This gives me a huge amount of power in this game. (laughs) I’ve been so tough for a week and a half, now I'm giddy like a schoolgirl. (laughs)
6. Denise (2/4): We did just find Hidden Immunity Idol. But, you know, it was frustrating ‘cause if we're absorbed into the same tribe, great. We can figure out a way to use it to our advantage. If we're split, Malcolm's got the idol in his possession, and I haven't found my own.
7. Jonathan (1/7): I like this lady, but I sure would have preferred to have Malcolm on my team ‘cause we might have had the cookies and coffee, and now they have an advantage over us physically.
8. Malcolm (5/6): You don't realize how down in the dump you are until you finally get a win and things start going your way. I got an Immunity Idol this morning. I got a new tribe in the afternoon. And I feel like I got my swag back. All I can hope for is look for a crack and get myself wedged in there because it's the easiest thing in the world to say, “He's the odd guy, let's get rid of him.”
9. Lisa (1/2): Malcolm’s brought wonderful energy to our tribe. He's a great guy. I mean, he's a strength physically, so that's huge for us in the challenges.
10. Lisa (2/2): But he also has a really great attitude. He's good-looking, he's smart, he's easy going. So he hasn't brought any kind of negative energy into the tribe which is really great.
11. RC (1/1): I think I would have fared better if we got Denise, versus Malcolm. You know, at first I thought maybe I had a fighting chance. Maybe I can get him on my side but, you know, the minute I saw him talking to Peter I knew-- I knew it was over. You know, having this new person join and be accepted right away by the click, it sort of does bring me back a little bit to childhood because I was bullied in school. On Survivor, you're here in this place where you don't know where to turn to. You don't have people that you can sort of go and talk to and say, you know, "This is how I'm feeling. What should I be doing?,” you know? But I didn't starve and, you know, have no fire and, like, work in those challenges to just let them walk all over me. I'm going to fight and then hopefully we don't have to go to Tribal Council and, you know, time has to be on my side at this point ‘cause I need time, and hopefully time to sort of flirt with Malcolm.
12. Pete (1/1): When I saw Malcolm unwrap that yellow buff, I was ecstatic. I was always kind of weary about getting rid of Mike but now we have another strong guy, probably even stronger guy, and he's probably not as stupid.
13. Malcolm (6/6): Information is power, might as well get all of it while I can and it wasn't even that difficult for Pete to immediately say, "Oh, I have the idol." No one knows I have one. And if Pete is already telling me he has one, he might use that to save me or that’s something we can use jointly. I'm like the stud football player from the rival school right now. Like, everyone wants to get to know me. Everyone is, like, pulling me aside. Like, “Hey, I'll be your best friend. You don’t want to hang out with those losers. Those guys stink!” I’m not gonna lie, I'm enjoying it right now.
14. Denise (3/4): Just to be in a new family and in a new tribe is great. And trying to kind of blend in with my new family here, kind of figure out what my role can kind of be. Whatever I can do to prove that I have value, even if it's keeping me around for one more Tribal, then I can regroup. One more, you know, every-every step is-is an opportunity to-to regroup and turn things around.
15. Katie (1/3): So, my alliance consists of Dana, Dawson, and myself, against the guys. We need Denise. Like, we-- that was the one reason why I was happy that we got a female because, uh, we have a better chance of getting Denise on our side than we do getting Malcolm. From here on out, it's my job to get Denise underneath my arm. So as long as we can convince her that, “Hey, it’s us girls,” hopefully she really won't listen to the guys.
16. Dana (1/2): I woke up this morning, and, um… I guess I just have a bad immune system, I don't know, but I just can't shake the cold. I am, um, dizzy, nauseous, completely dehydrated. I started getting this sharp pain in my stomach. I don't know, it just started getting worse.
17. Dana (2/2): I can't stop shaking. I can't get that-that aching pain out of my stomach. Um, I can't hold anything down. You know, back home, I'm kind of supposed to be tough, but, um, you're only as tough as your body, I think, will allow you to be.
18. Jonathan (2/7): Day 11 sucks! It's freezing and I'm a big, fat guy. You know, it doesn't really affect me that much. But Dana's sick. She weighs forty-seven pounds or something. I don't know. She's-she’s as big as my finger, you know? And she may just be shutting down.
19. Jonathan (3/7): Dana is in bad shape. She can barely talk.
20. Jonathan (4/7): This girl is shutting down. She needed some medical attention.
21. Dawson (1/3): And out of nowhere, Jeff Probst is in my camp, which is, you know, typically I'd jump up and down and maybe jump on him, but it just wasn't good timing, you know? So he-he was there for Dana, and he brought her to see medical.
22. Katie (2/3): Dana leaving the game screws up everything. I'm literally at a loss for words ‘cause this could not have happened at a worse time. I mean, I love the girl. It sucks that it happened. But, like, my best ally just got taken away by the medic. And I'm like, “What the hell am I going to do to survive?”
23. Jonathan (5/7): If Katie had been three seconds faster and Dawson had been a little more helpful with the puzzle, I think we would have won. And now we're going to be down two people and the-- that gap at this stage in the game may just be insurmountable.
24. Katie (3/3): I totally sucked in this challenge. It's pretty embarrassing to be the one that, like, totally screwed up everyone. And it's like, I feel like every time they make a moan or a groan it's because of me. I screwed up. There's nothing else I can say. A really… crappy performance. So, if I was them, I would say, “See you later, Katie.”
25. Dawson (2/3): Katie sucked in this challenge today. She was no good. Katie sucked. Katie blew it. I told Katie she sucked. She knows she sucked. But Denise, she's not part of our original tribe. She's only been in our tribe for two days.
26. Denise (4/4): I'm a part of a tribe that has lost again. It's just-- it's heartbreaking. So I’m-I'm worried. I haven't had 13 days to bond with these guys. I don't know if they're going to go loyalty or they're going to go logic.
27. Jeff (1/2): We need the men, and right now it comes down to, you know, who is gonna hold the most value in the challenges for us? And, you know, Denise is stronger than Dawson and Katie because I think, well, she's physical and-and-and she's mental. I think she's got some pretty good smarts on her.
28. Jonathan (6/7): There are really three options at this point: Denise, Katie, or Dawson. But I can't see getting rid of Denise now. She's a hell of a competitor. She was right in it to win it today. In no way could we point at her and say, “She's the one who caused us this challenge.” So it's Katie or Dawson.
29. Jonathan (7/7): Katie did not perform well today. She performed poorly. And I can't say that that's what cost us the-the challenge but it didn't help. But before today, Dawson is just been the weakest member of the tribe. I don't think she performed particularly well today. I don't think she performed disastrously. It's a big choice, actually.
30. Dawson (3/3): I know Jeff Kent is a former professional athlete, and as far as I know, I'm the only person who knows. So I enjoy getting into his mind and-and making him…  uncomfortable. It's a lot of fun to make him squirm. And it's a lot of fun to-- I don't know. I feel like I've kind of got, like, a little mouse that doesn't know that it's in a corner, and I'm, like, playing with it, and, um… I'm going to snap on it!
31. Jeff (2/2): Dawson starts talking a lot of sports, so I'm-- oh, man, I’m walking on eggshells right now because right now, I'm having a good time with these people just being normal, and I am normal. That's what I am. I used to be a ball player. No problem about it. But I'm normal, this is here. I’m here just like them trying to do the same thing. But, uh, if they end up put two to two together, I'm in trouble. You know, tonight's vote could be based on, uh, a value for winning challenges in our tribe. You know, maybe Katie, maybe Dawson. Uh, but if Dawson knows my history as an athlete, the best scenario might be just to vote her out. 
1. Katie (1/7): I am totally worried because I don't have my girls anymore to help me out. So I'm at the bottom of the totem pole now and I gotta be able to find my way out of it. Strength is going to be the driving force in this tribe and compared to these big, strong men, I'm looking like the weakest link, so I've just gotta work my magic and see what happens.
2. Katie (2/7): In this game, it's every single man for himself and if that means planting seeds in people's heads, I mean, I'm going to do what I have to do.
3. Katie (3/7): If I can get rid of Jonathan, that's going to keep me here at least through the merge and I intend on making that happen.
4. Pete (1/1): We haven't really had much to eat, especially since Mike decided to deplete all of our rice resource by eating it dry. He thinks it cooks in your body because it's pretty close to a hundred degrees. So Mike makes horrible decisions. He's the most useless player that’s ever been returned to Survivor, and he needs to go home.
5. Artis (1/3): As a returning player, I just don't understand. Mike is literally ate us out of house and home. We’ve got no food because of Mike. I consider us Tandang plus one, and Mike's the one. And right now, with us getting Malcolm, Mike has become expendable.
6. Jonathan (1/5): We arrived at the reward covered in mud, cleaned ourselves up and sat down to the most delicious picnic lunch I've ever had.
7. Carter (1/4): The reward was pretty insane. Those sandwiches, they were all great and hopefully, this will give us some kind of advantage, some kind of momentum.
8. Jeff (1/5): It was a great moment to see all that food on the table. But the fact that we just don't have rice is, uh, is probably going to wear on us in a couple days.
9. Jonathan (2/5): In the middle of that we realized that our table off to the side were little envelopes with our names on them.
10. Denise (1/2): I knew what it was in these envelopes and it was-- it was our letters from home.
11. Carter (2/4): The tribe started reading their letters and instantly people started tearing up. You know, we're so far from reality out here that when we get a little glimpse of it, just hits in a place that we're not used to.
12. Jeff (2/5): I've got a pretty big family at home. Having a wife and kids write to you after suffering through rain, and no food, and getting banged up, that was pretty neat.
13. Denise (2/2): Coming to this reward, it's motivational fuel, it's emotional fuel that makes any rice that we gave up totally worth it because now there's this different motivation to just keep going.
14. Jonathan (3/5): We came in determined to win and I think this was a win. We were able to walk away with this victory meal and these beautiful letters from home. We're going to be strong going into the Immunity Challenge which is really the important challenge.
15. Artis (2/3): It feels brutal that Kalabaw is enjoying the reward that we should have and we're back here fighting for survival.
16. Artis (3/3): What really bothers me is we had a member of our tribe make a decision for our tribe who has done absolutely nothing for our tribe! And R.C., “Yay, Mike! Yay!” I said-- I was like, “Shut-- shut up, it's not a good deal.”
17. Lisa (1/1): When we got back, it was worse than a loss, and it shouldn't have been, because with a loss, you don't have also all their rice. But it was a giving up, a forfeit, which was like, a double loss if you choose to focus your energy that way.
18. Abi-Maria (1/1): We gave up a reward. We didn't fight for it. And I doubt Kalabaw would give us all of their rice without having a plan "B." They have a boat and they have a spear, they can go out there fishing. They're not stupid. Kalabaw totally used psychology and it worked.
19. RC (1/2): We never come back from a challenge and we're happy, but in Survivor world, you sort of have to swallow your pride and do things you don't normally do. But this is just nasty.
20. RC (2/2): Artis, Pete and Abi are very nasty and angry and they're cruel. But they have the upper hand so my strategy is to let Abi blow up constantly, (laughs) and me just slide under the radar. But she's like this Brazilian bomb that's about to blow up at any second.
21. Carter (3/4): At the Reward Challenge, we made a deal with the yellow tribe that we'd give them the rest of our rice and we'd take the reward. In all honesty, I didn't like the deal we came up with ‘cause we’ve got no guarantee of food at the moment. Jonathan's very confident that we can get fish but to me it was a pretty risky deal. It just really makes me nervous.
22. Katie (4/7): Jonathan comes back and I'm, like, “Did you catch anything?!” And he's like, “Yeah, yeah, we caught two fish, they're right there.” Good Lord.
23. Katie (5/7): That rice gave you immediate energy, but now it's gone and Jonathan's trying to stay positive: "Oh, we got plenty of food, we got plenty of food!" No, we don't.
24. Jonathan (4/5): Carter's getting a little frustrated. You know, I promised him there'd be food and we'd eat and now he's just feeling like we'll never find any food, and I'm going to starve, and I don't know. The deprivation just doesn't affect me the way it affects some of these younger players. But the truth is, today we have an Immunity Challenge and it's crucially important that we win today. We have to get some momentum back. The numbers are tipping badly and if we continue to lose, we are truly screwed.
25. Jeff (3/5): At today's Immunity Challenge, Carter was definitely outmuscled and outmaneuvered by Malcolm and we ended up, uh, short again, so another disappointment. We've got to go to Tribal Council and vote somebody off and Penner and I have an alliance, but I'm still on the fence right now. I still don't know which way I'm going to jump.
26. Carter (4/4): Jeff thinks it might be a good idea to make a big move and get rid of Jonathan. But at the same time, you know, I think going into a merge with Penner might be a good idea because if we go in with him, eyes are going to be on him, not on me and Jeff because nobody wants a returning player to win.
27. Jonathan (5/5): To win this game I'm going to have to make big moves only out of desperation. You know, that's what happens. If you're down numbers, your back starts to get put against the wall. So Katie's got to go. She's not useful to us. I need her gone.
28. Katie (6/7): When I went over to the three guys, right away, without me even asking, Penner was like, "It's Denise, it's Denise," and right away I'm thinking, “He's feeding me a big line of b.s.,” and I'm not buying it.
29. Katie (7/7): Penner's writing someone down. That person could be me for all I know ‘cause I am physically not the strongest player in this game. So I've got to hang on to whatever is willing to keep me here. And we've been talking since Day 1, Jeff and I, about getting rid of Penner. So, as long as I can make them believe that, “Oh, my God, this is our time to get rid of Jonathan,” then it's going to work out for me and that's going to keep me here at least through the merge.
30. Jeff (4/5): I've come into this game knowing that I'm going to have to lie, and knowing that I'm going to have to jeopardize my integrity and character, so I'm still weighing my options and all of them have to do with furthering myself in this game.
31. Jeff (5/5): It's an easy play to vote Katie out. That's an easy decision. The hard decision is voting Jonathan out. He might be nervous and play the idol. Hell, I don't know what's going to happen. This is a crap shoot. You don't know if you're going to strike out or hit a home run but you go up to the plate and swing the bat.
1. Denise (1/2): Coming back from the sixth Tribal Council in a row, I'm just glad I'm back, but it's like déjà vu. It's just one after the other. I’m wondering, “Am I cursed? You know, have I brought something to this tribe?”
2. Jeff (1/4): Tribal tonight was chaotic. Boy, I was so close to, uh, going ahead and letting Penner go but I'm-I’m thinking Penner is going to help me out. I'm hoping I made the right choice. We're two guys taking a shot in the dark at each other, and there's going to come a time and a place and I hope I can get to him first before he gets to me.
3. Jonathan (1/5): I think Jeff and I have built a trust with each other but I was really surprised to see my name. I shouldn't have been. I just forget that other people are lying. It's always my problem. It was a good wake-up call. Do I have to keep my eyes and ears open as we move forward? Of course. I'd be ridiculously stupid not to.
4. Michael (1/4): I fell in the fire today, this far into the game, twenty-four seasons ago. So I no longer have an advantage. We're now in all new territory for all of us.
5. Lisa (1/5): We were just lying around thinking it was going to be a long day, and all of a sudden, we saw this boat, and we thought, “Okay, it’s coming into the cove. No, he’s going past the cove. It’s coming in-- he’s coming, he’s coming, he’s coming!” And then we found out the best news that we've heard since Day 1.
6. Lisa (2/5): When you only have ten minutes to gather up everything you have, everything is like gold. Making sure that I don't have socks hanging out on a line somewhere and shoes hidden underneath the raft somewhere. That's priority one.
7. Malcolm (1/4): I buried my idol the first day I got here. Now we have ten minutes so I have to dig it up again. God, (...) pirate treasure.
8. Jonathan (2/5): It's a new lifeline for us. There are four of us, there are seven of them. We're hoping there's descent over there and that we can pick one or two people to come over to our side to use for a while and then cut them off if we can.
9. Denise (2/2): Kalabaw, we're going to stay four strong. We need two to shift that balance and have a majority. So my plan is to stick with the alliance that I've got going with Kalabaw, but at the same time, I truly would like to go back to my original alliance with Malcolm.
10. Jeff (2/4): I believe that a veteran player shouldn't be winning this game. And Penner's always been my priority since Day 1. And now that I'm on a team with Penner and Skupin, you know, I've got two priorities. It was a good introduction. It doesn't seem like anybody knows who I am, which is, I think, a good thing. So, as long as they don't talk about baseball, maybe I'm safe.
11. Pete (1/1): The feast was amazing. Uh, there was more food than you could ever eat. Uh, the wine was awesome. The tribe intention when we first landed on the island was go Tandang strong. That’s impossible because R.C. is someone who would never let that happen, and Skupin, really doesn't have a brain of his own and does whatever R.C. tells him to do.
12. Michael (2/4): Like, I never made the merge before. They merged in Australia the day after I was medevaced so this is kind of cool. And, uh, merging with numbers, even better. But I noticed Pete and Abi, the power alliance on our tribe, being a little quiet because they haven't had an allegiance in weeks to R.C. and I. And so, we're really free agents. So being a free agent means you get to choose your team. It just takes two.
13. Lisa (3/5): On the new beach, I thought, “Well, the guys are making the shelter, I'll just hang everybody's clothes out and get them some sun so we don't go to sleep with wet clothes.” And then I picked up Malcolm's bag, and I took his flannel shirt out, and I took his bathing suit out and I was looking in there and I felt something. I've discovered he had the Hidden Immunity Idol in his bag, which totally shocked me.
14. Malcolm (2/4): I was going to change clothes and hide the idol. I thought an hour would be a safe amount of time to assume that people would be eating, and drinking, and getting to know each other. Apparently, the estrogen kicked in and we had to have our freaking clothes cleaned. So now I have to pin down sweet old Lisa, who I think at least, was-- just out of the goodness of her heart, trying to dry my clothes. I get her alone. I don't say a word. I just look at her.
15. Malcolm (3/4): Hallelujah. Um, the church lady found it, who hopefully has a heart. Um, but at the same time, now I'm locked into this involuntary alliance with Lisa and Denise. It's literally the two people that I'm not confident I can beat in the final three just because they're nice, but, um, the whole dynamics could shift, and the entire camp is going crazy with scrambling.
16. Lisa (4/5): Malcolm promised final three with me and Denise, and that's really nice. But you kind of have to take all that with a grain of salt. I do think that I'm not the only actor on this island. So… (laughs) I could be being played.
17. Lisa (5/5): So Penner is aware of my past as a child star. But we didn't talk strategy. And, um, if we weren't on this island, we would have a really great time over lunch, just talking about each other's lives. And if you have that kind of connection, that is valuable, especially if you do end up aligned later on down the road.
18. Jonathan (3/5): Lisa had been on Facts of Life, but now as with many, many former actors, um, you get older and so you do other things with your life. Lisa is kind of a cool lady. I think she could actually go pretty far as an under the radar, nonthreatening person who could find herself sitting at a final three. I believe that.
19. Jonathan (4/5): I'm trying to find, uh, fissures in this yellow tribe and Skupin seems like a cool guy. So I got to help him feel as comfortable as he can about slitting the throats of the people that he spent 17 days with, you know? So I'm trying to do that.
20. RC (1/3): There’s, um, a lot of dynamics working right now. Me and Mike are solid, but we would like to feel a little bit more secure.
21. RC (2/3): The old Tandang tribe made it painfully obvious about me and Mike. They ostracized us both for 17 days. So Penner corralled his threesome, and I have Mike, obviously, on my side, so that's six. So why wouldn't we do something? You know, if we have a possible chance to go somewhere else, then why not?
22. Jeff (3/4): I know Penner's got the idol. Nobody else knows for sure if he does or not, but I know he does. And I'll join any gang as long, uh, as long as I can get Penner out before I get out.
23. Malcolm (4/4): Little clique inside of Tandang is operating under the assumption that Penner has an idol, but we don't have the numbers within our own tribe to be able to split the vote and get rid of him so we have to pull in Jeff, Denise, and Carter. We would split the vote between Penner and R.C. Penner has an idol that he has to play to save himself and R.C. will go home. And if he doesn't, then we'll revote and get rid of Penner right now. The, uh, only real wrinkle is if the Kalabaw, uh, Jeff, Carter, and, uh, Denise, are going to come along with it, and go along like they're saying they will.
24. Artis (1/1): I'm ecstatic that Penner and R.C. didn't even come close to winning immunity because we're going to split the vote between Penner and R.C., and if Penner plays the idol, R.C. goes home. If Penner doesn't play the idol, he'll go home with the idol.
25. RC (3/3): It’s been a good day, I think, so far. No, I didn't win immunity, but we sort of got this very core six in place right now. Me and Mike are solid, and we are definitely with Kalabaw. With us six we’re in the majority.
26. Michael (3/4): I never have ever felt threatened before, and tonight, returning players are a major threat. Like, my reputation is pretty competitive. My reputation isn't being loyal to a tribe that hasn't been loyal to me. There isn't anybody that would think that I would go down without a fight.
27. Michael (4/4): It just takes two people from Tandang to realign with the Kalabaw tribe, then they would be six strong. Unless God himself appears live before me and speaks to me, I cannot follow Pete, Artis, and Abi, as long as I have some assurance that Jeff and Carter aren't going to switch over to the old Tandang tribe. Because if R.C. and I go this way, and Jeff and Carter go this way, what happens? You know, nothing got gained.
28. Jonathan (5/5): If the people that I believe are going to vote with me are really not going to vote with me, if all of this has been smoke, then I'm a terrible judge of character, and then I don't really deserve to stay in the game. But I do believe that Skupin, and R.C., and Denise, and Carter, and Jeff, they're going to vote with me. They all mean it. I really believe they do.
29. Jeff (4/4): Right now, I'm on a crossroads. I'm either going with veteran players that I don't want to win this game and try to ride them out, or I'm going to go with the Tandang tribe and get Penner out of here, but then I'm on the bottom. If you treat baseball with disrespect, you’re gonna get bit in the ass, and I know you treat this game with disrespect, you're gonna get bit in the ass, too. So, you know, with all humbleness, I say that a decision on who goes home tonight is going to be heavily based on which way I go and who I carry over to that other side. I've got to make sure that I protect myself because whatever move I make, it's not going to sit well with either tribe.
1. Jonathan (1/5): Does it hurt to get betrayed? Yeah, of course it does. Why? Because you were kept out of the secret. There were secrets you were being talked about behind your back. And the thing that you trusted wasn't true.
2. Jeff (1/4): You know, now that Penner's played his idol, he doesn't have any more power that way so we're going to do our best to, uh, win the, uh, individual immunity, or at least not allow Penner to have it. We're going to vote him out. In the meantime, I gave up a lot of power and authority when I voted with Tandang tonight. But that's how I'm going to work myself to the top is I'm going to use Tandang against themselves, use every resource that I can and see where it goes from there.
3. Jonathan (2/5): I'm not resigned to going home ‘cause there's no quit in me. But the only way that I can get further now is by taking my foot way off the gas pedal, climb into the backseat, pull the blanket over my head and hope they forget that I'm here for a little while. But they now have betrayed me so all bets are off. I-I have no alliances, I have no allegiances, I don't care. Everybody's equal. They are all ready to die.
4. Lisa (1/4): Everybody is so galvanized against Penner because they really don't want returning players having a second chance. And they feel very strongly that they want Penner and Skupin gone first and second. For my game, I want to stay with Tandang, but I have no qualms about making this battle to win a million dollars a little bit easier if it's within my power. Once Penner and Skupin's gone, Jeff, Carter, Denise, Malcolm and I will then target the three that everybody doesn't like which would be Artis, Pete and Abi.
5. Jeff (2/4): Pete, Abi and Artis are all a team thinking that they're running the game. It’ll be fun to break that up. Lisa, she's so naive, and so soft, and so nice, but we might be able to jump on board with each other and maybe, you know, carry this thing into a flip scenario where we flip ourselves from the bottom to the top.
6. Artis (1/1): Oh, man, I wanted that reward. But on the flip side, I'm out here for a million dollars. I'm still in the game. I've been eating beans and rice for 21 days. Beans and rice for 19 more days? Not a problem for me.
7. Pete (1/6): Abi's got a big mouth and when Abi leaks information, that's very dangerous. So it's like the puppy you have to take care of.
8. Pete (2/6): Abi's kind of immature. She thinks everybody's out to get her and I wish I could vote her out but I know if she's in a final three, she's not getting any vote.
9. Denise (1/1): On the reward, it was-- it was really a great group to have on the reward. We got to go down the river in the boat and just eat. That's who I would have wanted to have been at that reward with because they're a pretty positive group that has meshed together well. It-it just-- it was nice to be with them.
10. Malcolm (1/5): There is a bit of a good versus evil dynamic in the tribe right now. The evil three being Artis, Abi, and Pete. And the rest of the tribe considering themselves the good guys.
11. Malcolm (2/5): And it's something Penner is trying to take advantage of right now to turn the vote against one of the three instead of himself.
12. Jonathan (3/5): It's easy for me, who's got my head on the chopping block, to say, “You've gotta make a move,” but I'm saying it. “And if it can help save me for even one more vote, I'd appreciate it. And I think I can help you guys get in control of the game.”
13. Lisa (2/4): Certainly, the idea of battling it out at the end with four other worthy opponents is such a noble choice. But I'm discovering that I'm not trying to just get to the final five. I'm trying to win, which means I need to first get to the final three with as many people that aren't going to get more votes than me as possible. I mean, that's just how you get ahead. The same rules don't apply in the game of Survivor as they do in real life.
14. Lisa (3/4): I anticipate that after Penner goes home, somebody's going to wake up and realize this is the time to do a 5-4 alliance. It makes much more sense for me and Skupin to go to the end with Abi, and Artis, and Pete because they have made so many enemies and made so many hothead emotional moves that have ticked people off. I have a plan that assures him that he does not need to scramble and make alliances with somebody else that's going to promise him the world because I'm going to promise him the universe.
15. Michael (1/2): Lisa is now in this game to win it, which is great, because she's my closest ally out here.
16. Michael (2/2): A lot will depend on who wins immunity. The only way to be safe is to win it. And so you're going to see a dog fight out there today.
17. Jonathan (4/5): I've never won an individual Immunity Challenge. Uh, never once. So maybe-maybe it's high time that Johnny did. And I’d stick it right in their damn faces. I’d stick it in their faces and I'd say, “For once, after three times, I can win an individual immunity.”
18. Jonathan (5/5): Uh… I don’t even know what to say about that challenge. That was, maybe the best thing I ever did… in my life.
19. Malcolm (3/5): Going into the Immunity Challenge, all anyone's talking about is, “Don't let Jonathan Penner win immunity.” Of course, Murphy's Law states that has to happen so I don't know why I'm so surprised that Jonathan Penner won immunity today. He just threw everyone's plans for a loop and now we're having to do a little baby scramble back at camp to figure out who we're going to get rid of instead of Penner.
20. Jeff (3/4): Yup, my vote's going to be for Skupin tonight ‘cause, uh, Penner kind of done the unthinkable. He's won two challenges in a row-- one on my team and now one by himself. So he's just bought himself another three days of a dead man walking.
21. Pete (3/6): This whole entire plan, getting rid of Malcolm and the information of him having an idol, I got completely blindsided by that because I actually kind of trusted Malcolm. This plan right now is Lisa's plan. Um, is it a good plan? Is it a plan that's actually going to be effective because Malcolm does have an idol and Malcolm is playing two sides? I don't know.
22. Malcolm (4/5): Pete confronts me about the idol and my first thought is just lie, lie, lie, lie. But already my heart's in my stomach because if that rumor is out there, it's going to come out eventually that I actually do have the thing.
23. Pete (4/6): Uh, Malcolm freaked out and, I mean, that right there was enough of a reaction to just kind of know-- look into his soul and be like, “Yo, he doesn't have the idol.” So I don't really know what Lisa's trying to pull here.
24. Pete (5/6): Right now we're voting out Jeff. I wanted out Jeff the second anyway. If, uh, Penner lost, I would have kept Skupin around as like, that swing vote, but right now, Jeff's going home. Uh, he's a nice guy, he's played a great game, but he's a big threat and I want him gone.
25. Lisa (4/4): (sighs) Well, Malcolm pulled Pete aside, and Pete was thrown off guard and wasn't very good at convincing him that his name wasn't on the chopping block and so everything just hit the fan.
26. Pete (6/6): Uh, playing the mastermind role is definitely very hard work. It's not easy. Uh, and you never really know you're the mastermind. It's just that last-- right before Tribal is when you really figure out do you really have everybody and is it solid?
27. Jeff (4/4): We were all set to go ahead and let Skupin go by the plan but now I found out they were gunning for me. But hopefully, uh, the bullet's going to go in the-- in the right direction.
28. Malcolm (5/5): Everybody's going mad in the past hour. Lisa ran her mouth about my idol. I'm playing dumb trying to get through this vote with it in my pocket, but it's definitely coming with me tonight. If this thing even seems close, I'm playing it. I'm voting for Pete right now. Uh, cut the head off the snake. This is not the way I saw it going at all. I wanted to try to get rid of Skupin but, uh… hell-- it's going to be hell no matter what we do. This is the most last-minute crazy thing I've ever been a part of in my life.
1. Michael (1/2): Tribal Council was the most amazing experience because Lisa made her big move to save me. So going from "it's you," to "it's not you" in a matter of five minutes, is a sense of relief. I mean, the game could have been flipped around with one or two more votes for Pete, but whether Pete went or whether Jeff went, they're both the two most outspoken people about getting rid of returning players. So having one of them go was a win-win for me, either way.
2. Jonathan (1/10): That was the most incredible Tribal I’ve ever been a part of. That was crazy! I don't even know what the hell happened.
3. Jonathan (2/10): There was no plan. Nobody knew what was hell was gonna happen. So did my vote screw it up? Even if I voted for Pete, all it would’ve done is tied it up. So I voted for Abi. And now we'll see where I stand. You know, I'm a dead man walking anyway.
4. Lisa (1/8): You know, I tried to make a big move. I tried to play the game like a real Survivor, and it's just not me. And I lied, and I betrayed, and I broke promises.
5. Lisa (2/8): I love this game, but I think it's too big for me. I don't think I'm-- it's bigger than me.
6. Jonathan (3/10): There are five original Tandang still left, and if they vote together, I'm done. I'll probably go home at the next immunity, unless I win it. But there have been such divisions, so many cracks in that five, and their identities as people is so varied. You have two parents who are trying to play a straight-up, almost Christian game in-in-in Lisa and in Skupin. And then you have three incredibly tight players who are playing some other game, what I call a bully game.
7. Jonathan (4/10): My hope is to play on those divisions, to appeal to Skupin and Lisa's hearts.
8. Lisa (3/8): (tearfully) I know that Penner is always scrambling to find a way to stay, but its really struck something very, very deep, this-this internal conflict. I think probably at some level, it's spending a lifetime… performing, tap dancing, acting, doing whatever it takes to do the right thing, to-- to be… liked.
9. Lisa (4/8): (tearfully) My whole life has been based on public perception. You know, I've lived my life on the same since I was seven years old. And even before that, learned to get love by performing and being good and being likable. So this is a whole lifetime of this.
10. Lisa (5/8): (tearfully) If I do the wrong thing, will I still be okay? If I am not liked or if I'm judged, will that be okay? Can I survive not being, you know, little miss perfect?
11. Jonathan (5/10): We walked in carrying this big crate of toys and school supplies. A group of unbelievably cute kids grabbed our hands and walked us up to this lovely native village, which is straight out of the Blue Lagoon or something.
12. Jonathan (6/10): This reward is quite extraordinary. People of all ages are just hanging out together. Brothers, sisters, mothers, fathers, grandfathers, and they are wide open to this experience.
13. Jonathan (7/10): We played a local game which is similar to a piñata kind of game that we would have, and I sort of, you know, joked around a little bit, and the kids went wild. It seems to be the happiest community I've ever walked into.
14. Malcolm (1/1): Right after I graduated, I taught elementary school in Micronesia for a year. Remembering all the good times I've had was a good reminder of how much I enjoy working with kids, and how fulfilling that can be. God, why did I give this up? This means so much more to me than pouring drinks for, you know, girls in bars. It really made me reconsider what I’ve been doing with my life for the past year and it was a life-shaping experience for me.
15. Jonathan (8/10): The food was fabulous. It's an amazing break from the game, although I’m hoping that we get to talk some strategy over a beer or two because I'm in a very tough position.
16. Carter (1/1): Right now, the lines have been drawn and it's former Tandang versus everyone else, but last night at Tribal Council, they made a mockery of Skupin. I feel like he's been mistreated and they’ve mistreated Lisa. So we're trying to get Skupin and Lisa in with us because they're going to play the biggest role in which alliance moves on and which starts getting picked off.
17. Pete (1/1): Losing a challenge like this is awful. It's really demoralizing. You kind of need that energy. But at least I get alone time with Lisa who doesn't really know what's going on after the Tribal Council, where she got obliterated, and Skupin. It's really ironic that someone I wanted to get rid of first or second throughout the entire game, now I'm forced to work with. But we need the majority right now, and it doesn't really matter who it is, but why not go to the people that we started this game with? We're back to Tandang strong. They're gonna trust us a lot more than they're gonna trust Penner or anybody. So getting them close and keeping them close is definitely what we're trying to do, and making them feel comfortable.
18. Artis (1/2): Abi is just a loose cannon. She just thinks she knows so much about the game and so much about people in general. I don't know who told her that. But she needs to shut up before she screws everything all up.
19. Lisa (6/8): Very interesting how things split up at the challenge today. And my thought was, “At least we got some time. Maybe we could just reevaluate and get solid and be Tandang five.” But then I get back here to the island, and Abi was terrible. So maybe it makes sense to go with the other alliance. But I've made this grand stand at Tribal Council for loyalty to Tandang to keep Skupin. And so to flip over to Kalabaw looks on the outside really awful, but on the inside, it probably makes more sense. So I'm just absolutely-- I don't even know what to think now.
20. Artis (2/2): At tonight's Tribal Council, unless something goes wrong, we can get Penner out and we can actually, for the first time in a long time, come back to camp, take a deep breath and say woosaa! We can relax for a while.
21. Jonathan (9/10): I didn't win that Immunity Challenge. So I know my days are numbered if I can't put something together. The problem is the numbers. You know, I need five votes to even have an ice cube's chance in hell of staying in-- staying in the game.
22. Abi-Maria (1/2): I wish I would be voting off Mike today, but we need him for the numbers. Penner is a bigger threat, though, but Mike is really annoying.
23. Abi-Maria (2/2): You know, Penner is actually really charming. A little too smart for his own good. So time for him to go home!
24. Denise (1/1): You know, right now, I've got my alliance with Malcolm and the former Kalabaw tribe, Carter and Jonathan, and the goal for tonight is definitely to get rid of one of the original Tandang members, um, break that little empire up, and-and then really continue to just turn this game. Uh, but the plan very much hinges on Skupin and Lisa. If we can't get the numbers, Jonathan is going home.
25. Lisa (7/8): I like Jonathan so much. I've learned so much from him out here. But, man, my head is spinning. I still want to be loyal. But is that the old Lisa? Is that the Lisa who spent her life worried about what other people think?
26. Jonathan (10/10): I am planting seeds with Lisa because I'm playing my ass off out here. But I cannot panic. I have to be calm, cool, and collected. And I hope that I got through to her, whether it changes her vote or not, I don't know. But I only need one of them, either her or Skupin.
27. Michael (2/2): I know that Penner is interested in creating something. But Lisa and I agreed on Day 1 that we'll always tell each other the truth, and, you know, she orchestrated a pretty big move the other day in an effort to save the Tandang alliance in order to save me. So I want to play this game with Lisa. But I've got to make sure if I'm going to make a bold move that she's firmly on the side that I'm choosing.
28. Lisa (8/8): From the beginning I've thought the most important thing is keep Tandang members strong because I want to stay loyal to Tandang. I want to be able to say, “From the beginning I was loyal to Tandang.” But if Tandang is no longer loyal to me, then am I being exactly what Abi accuses me of being: gullible and naive? And I have to really think about that.
1. Abi-Maria (1/3): Tribal Council disaster, basically. Seriously, it's like, “What the (expletive censor)?” Like, I thought we had agreed that Tandang was supposed to be strong and make a big move together.
2. Michael (1/7): Voting Artis off tonight was my first real big move, but I don't believe you can win this game with just one big move. I believe that there are several big moves that need to take place before the end of this game.
3. Michael (2/7): Whichever way I go, I need to control this game as much as I can instead of letting somebody else determine my fate. It's the only way I've ever lived my life and it's the way I'm going to play this game.
4. Lisa (1/3): It's very hard being in an alliance with Pete and Abi and I have never been good at breakups. I have continued in relationships way too long just because I didn't want to hurt them. And so that's what's felt comfortable out here. The big part of who I am and who I have been is someone who feels comfortable to be used.
5. Lisa (2/3): The really wonderful thing is I do believe I'm taking control of my own destiny. I think it's going to make a huge difference in the quality of my time out here, and really, it sounds dramatic, the rest of my life.
6. Malcolm (1/6): We leave the challenge on this little boat and we pull up to this amazing little stretch of beach. They have massage tables laid out for us, bathtubs, a couple of picnic tables under some umbrellas. I mean, life couldn't get much better than this.
7. Malcolm (2/6): When I got here I just kind of silenced the talk. The strategy behind that is that I'm going to need to make a final three or final four deal here pretty quick and the people I want to be in, they're all sitting back at camp right now while I'm sitting here just having spa day.
8. Abi-Maria (2/3): They came with platters of delicious tapas foods, which is, like, little portions of foods, and we ate, and ate, and ate. I'm eating like I've never seen food before. I've been surviving on beans and sandy coconuts for the last 26 days, so today I literally feel like a princess. A queen.
9. Pete (1/3): It's a pretty good feeling to be away from the game. That's why I agreed with Malcolm to not talk about strategy today because I just need a couple of hours just to relax, think about everything and figure out what my next move is. I'm smart and I'm fit, and those are two things that with food, it's like a boost. So the next challenge, I'm going to be refueled and ready to kick some butt.
10. Denise (1/2): So we were having a pretty quiet day. Pretty relaxing and then Abi came back from the reward and was like, “Ugh!”
11. Michael (3/7): Normally, everyone's really super gracious when they come back from a reward but Abi's downright cruel. She flaunted it and she wouldn't stop.
12. Malcolm (3/6): Abi has all the social grace of a Mack Truck. She has no understanding of how to talk to people.
13. Denise (2/2): You have lost your freaking mind, girl. Part of me just thinks, “That's fine, just let it piss everybody else off.” You know what? Your time will come. And I may not get to tell her anything until I'm writing her name down and it's that Tribal Council where she's finally walking out and I get to say, “You know what? Whiners are wieners. You need to go home.”
14. Malcolm (4/6): With a pretty easy vote in theory coming up, my plan is to get a final four set up today and just be able to kind of coast after this next vote till the end.
15. Michael (4/7): When somebody wants to take you to the final four, you have to say, strategically, “Heck, yes.” Because if you say no, then you could end up odd man out. And all of a sudden you're on the chopping block.
16. Jonathan (1/2): Lisa respects me and she said, “I want to go to the final three with you and Skupin.” That's a great option, but it's too early for me to say who I should go to the final three with. I will continue to keep them close and if I get blindsided, more power to ‘em. I will go out with my head held high.
17. Lisa (3/3): Penner didn't want to make that "we're true to the end" kind of deal. He said, “Let's just kind of get rid of these two and see how that shakes down.” So… I think he missed an opportunity.
18. Malcolm (5/6): This is as serious a deal as you can make in this game. This isn't just some quickie alliance wham, bam, thank you, ma'am, he's gone, we're back on our own. I stuck my neck out, I'm sticking with it. If it works out, it could be the best thing that's happened to me out here in the game.
19. Michael (5/7): I've committed to a final four with Malcolm. I'm not totally comfortable with it ‘cause he's a gamer and that worries me, but I felt I had to. I felt I didn't have a choice. So it makes me a little nervous. I want to be the one calling the shots, so I'm going to do everything I can to win the next Immunity Challenge.
20. Pete (2/3): For me it all comes down to this challenge. Abi has the idol, so if I don't win immunity, I'm pretty much screwed. So all I can do is fight right now, otherwise it's me.
21. Abi-Maria (3/3): Today's challenge was a really fun challenge. However, I didn't win it. And Peter did not win as well, so it's basically Peter, Abi and the Hidden Immunity Idol. It's, like, an alliance of three versus six.
22. Jonathan (2/2): Pete and Abi cannot win this game, they don't have the numbers. There's no reason to keep them around. Their ship has sailed. Now, could somebody surprise me and play an incredibly stupid move? Maybe. But I honestly believe all of us in the six are going to stay strong. So either Pete or Abi will go home. Could it screw up? Yeah. But, you know, you can get hit by a car walking from your house to the post box, too.
23. Pete (3/3): After last Tribal, the whole game turned upside down. Like, I went from the top of the pecking order all the way to the bottom. But I'm not going to give in and be like, "Okay, guys, vote me out." No. I'm going to try and get something going. Malcolm, he’s the biggest threat on the island, he has an idol and he needs to go home. We'll be pitching this “get rid of Malcolm” idea to everybody, especially Skupin. He's kind of ditzy, he doesn't really think before he does things, he just jumps into it, so I think he can actually be turned pretty easily. But all I need is one person to flip and it's going to be a whole new game.
24. Michael (6/7): I have a deal to go to the final four with Malcolm, but now I'm starting to rethink whether that was a smart thing to do or not because he's playing the hardest. Malcolm's a threat in challenges. He's a smart, strategic player, and he's liked by everybody. So if I'm sitting next to Malcolm in the final three, I'm not sure I could beat him.
25. Michael (7/7): The risk of changing it up again is it could backfire. But do I anticipate our current alliance staying strong until the final four and having this happy ending? It's not that likely in this game.
26. Malcolm (6/6): Apparently, Pete and Abi have realized, the easiest way to get somebody to flip is to throw my name out there and run me over tonight. They just need one person to flop and I'm going home. I have the idol, but if nobody flips and I play that thing, I lose a lot of leverage moving forward. This is the trickiest situation with the idol I’ve faced yet, and I'm going to have to keep my wits about me tonight watching people, and make the right decision. Otherwise, I'm toast.
1. Denise (1/2): Abi was sitting by the fire with Michael and as we're overhearing it, it's just more of the same. She just continues the reign of negative, grumpy Abi.
2. Denise (2/2): Between Michael, and Malcolm, and Lisa, and I, we have our solid four. Abi is the one going next, unless she miraculously wins immunity, which I doubt. I highly doubt it. But if she does somehow have immunity, Jonathan's made it this far. He's a great player. Our next bet would probably be we'd vote out Jonathan.
3. Malcolm (1/4): Last night, it’s kind of like the tribe decided to lay Abi down in the middle of the road, ran over her with the bus and then back up and do it again. She just got destroyed.
4. Malcolm (2/4): Abi's very unself-aware. It's hard not to feel a little sympathy for her when she's, uh, breaking down. So my heart goes out to her a little bit.
5. Abi-Maria (1/7): I am the most unliked person at this island right now. I'm going to have to just turn my head around and move forward, and keep on playing the game. Today's auction, I'm just going to sit tight and hold my money, and just wait for the right opportunity to use my money towards getting ahead, and they're not going to stop me now. No. I am bigger than that. I'm going to fight. I'm a fighter. I'm a Survivor.
6. Lisa (1/5): We had just come back from this high elation. Everybody was happy. And just as we were just sharing in the joy of this experience.
7. Lisa (2/5): Penner and Abi start on this conversation, which of course, just shuts all of us totally down.
8. Lisa (3/5): I'm sorry, but it is really hard not to laugh at some of the things she says. There's a saying in the Bible that says, "Don't throw your pearls before swine." I'm not calling Abi a pig, but at some point, if someone is not going to value your words, then you don't keep giving them to that person.
9. Jonathan (1/4): The more bitter, the more obnoxious, the more toxic Abi is, better for me. Easier it is to say, "We have to get rid of her, right?” Then the six of us will figure it out from there.
10. Abi-Maria (2/7): Everything that everyone’s saying I'm taking with a grain of salt because, you know, I think people are starting to kind of feel like they need to start communicating with me somehow because they don't know what kind of a tool that I have in my hands. The tool being what I bought at the auction today. So, you know, they realize that I have a note. I have an advantage in the game.
11. Abi-Maria (3/7): I got an advantage in the game. I don't know what that details to be. So I need to open my note and read it. This note could possibly change my game if I play my cards right, yeah.
12. Abi-Maria (4/7): I can do whatever I want with this note and I'm going to tell them whatever I have to, to have them work on my favor. I'm just going to have to put a little bit of fear in them and try to break their alliance with this power that I may have. But I do have a lot better chance than I had before, absolutely.
13. Abi-Maria (5/7): This morning, I woke up, and I woke up very ambitious. I woke up with a feeling that I am not gonna go without fighting. They were having a lot of problems with me being such an honest person, blunt person. They asked for this. Now it's time for me to lie. I'm gonna outplay them. I will be creating a fantasy fourth Hidden Immunity Idol.
14. Abi-Maria (6/7): So I've been trying to be sneaky planting seeds. You know, at least I'm gonna go out graciously, or I stay in the game as a very smart, hardworking fighter. A warrior, really.
15. Malcolm (3/4): Abi is a bit like having a girlfriend who just doesn't get the message and won't leave even after you’ve broken up with her. She's bitter, she hasn't forgiven you. You're not getting the benefits of having a girlfriend around anymore. It's the worst situation possible.
16. Abi-Maria (7/7): I know I can't use Probst as a tool at all because he needs to keep the game fair, but I’m gonna need to still carry on with my fake idol.
17. Malcolm (4/4): Hell hath frozen over, Abi won immunity today. She bet five hundred dollars on an advantage and it paid off for her. Got to skip two thirds of the challenge, was well rested for the end and she pulled it out. And I had to act all upset about it, like, “Oh, no! This is horrible. It’s the worst thing in the world.” But inside, I was just smiling ‘cause I couldn’t have asked for a more convenient excuse to get rid of a real threat in this game, which is Penner.
18. Lisa (4/5): I'm in such this huge inner conflict. I mean, I like Denise and Malcolm, but I really-- I really have a heart connection with Carter and Penner. And now I'm going to hurt somebody I care about.
19. Lisa (5/5): I love this game, and I want to be a good player. I just-- I think perhaps I'm not, uh, cut out for this game. I think it's too big for me.
20. Jonathan (2/4): Lisa, once again, lost her mind. And, uh, she had to confess to me that she was in another alliance, that she's voting for me tonight. And I guess to her credit, she's going to stick by her guns. She will not be swayed. I think her guns are ridiculous.
21. Jonathan (3/4): Lisa got played. And that's-- that is to Denise and Malcolm's credit. Now, my mistake, of course, was I was playing both ends against the middle without making a commitment to anybody. That was probably my mistake. I did not choose a side.
22. Jonathan (4/4): People are a bit wary of Malcolm for his idol, and he's aligned tightly with Denise. So we will now vote for Denise.
23. Michael (1/1): Tribal Council day is a zoo. My dilemma is I'm going to make three people very happy tonight, and I'm going to upset three people. I'm going to potentially gain three jury votes and lose three jury votes at the same time. So, am I in a better group to win this game with Lisa, Denise, and Malcolm, or Abi, Carter and Penner? And the closer it gets to the final three, the more I realize, it's a pretty big deal. I believe strongly that I could beat Penner in the final three.
1. Abi-Maria (1/3): It's clear to me that Lisa and Denise, Malcolm and Skupin has an-- a foursome alliance going on.
2. Abi-Maria (2/3): Between me and Carter, who are they going to take? A guy from Kansas or-or a girl from Brazil that they have issues with because she's too honest? So I'm gonna continue to bluff that I have, uh, the fourth Hidden Immunity Idol. I mean, that's all I have for me.
3. Lisa (1/7): Tribal Council was a very tough decision. I think Penner is correct. I do think Malcolm is playing a brilliant game because it's strategic but likable, underdog, good at challenges. All around, really great game. Going to the end with Malcolm and Denise is not a great strategy. But betraying that trust is… opposes who I am.
4. Malcolm (1/6): I don't have a lot of time. You only have moments to make this decision and I'm rewarding Lisa and Skupin for sticking with me and Denise at the last Tribal and through the past few votes. Those are my allies. I need to take care of them, I need to keep them close.
5. Lisa (2/7): Justice and I have always had a very close relationship. He is truly incredible. He's twenty years younger than me, but within him, is so much maturity, and life, and life-giving spirit.
6. Malcolm (2/6): Miles, my little brother turned twenty-one years old a month ago. He's a knucklehead in a really nice-- like in a nice way. He's just kind of a clown. He's always around trying to get a laugh. He just wants to be the center of attention. But out here, when I'm this close to a million dollars, him running his mouth could cost me.
7. Michael (1/1): My son is bloodied from (points to both arms) here to here, his chest. Everybody's like, "Are you okay?" And I'm like, "That's my boy."
8. Lisa (3/7): I do know it's a game and I love this game, but I haven't been able to step outside of who I am outside the game, to play the game.
9. Lisa (4/7): When somebody who knows me is able to remind me of the crystal clear picture that I've gotten all confused and befuddled and foggy, it was like, “Yay! I can play this game! I can play this game and I can play it well!”
10. Lisa (5/7): I don't know if I'll win, but I'm going to do everything I can to play the game by these rules to win.
11. Malcolm (3/6): One of the biggest fears I have after having the loved ones here is Lisa. She was at rock bottom emotionally and was playing with her heart, as she likes to say. And I'm afraid that her brother, who seems like a very level-headed, intelligent guy might have snapped her back to her senses and got her thinking about, you know, who she really needs to be sitting next to in that final three to have a shot at winning.
12. Lisa (6/7): I don't think God chooses sides. I mean, I don't think you can pray for your football team, and because you're praying, God is going to choose that side. I think he's so much bigger than that. So it was really easy to pray and say, “You know what? We got a plan, we’d love it if You bless it, but if You don't and have a bigger plan, we totally trust that.” He's a win-win God. Maybe not everybody wins the million dollars, (laughs) but He's pretty resourceful.
13. Lisa (7/7): Oh, so bummed! I was so ready to play this game hard and make a big move and poof… “And Malcolm wins immunity! And Lisa's plan is shot into smithereens!” (chuckles)
14. Malcolm (4/6): It’s the most relaxing feeling I've felt this entire game. I finally won an individual immunity and I can actually just sit around camp and not worry about people wandering off in pairs. My mind gets a break. Just the icing on the cake is that we're at the final six now and I have immunity. I can't be voted out tonight and the last night I can play this (holds Immunity Idol) is at the final five. I… (chuckles) I'm in the final four on Survivor and it's only Day 33. I can taste it. Oh, my gosh! (laughs)
15. Carter (1/2): On a personal level, I know this game is about strategy and this game is about winning, ultimately. But everyone at our camp, this whole time, has been talking about keeping people in this game who deserve to be in this game. Denise, Malcolm, Skupin and Lisa are stand-up people and Abi has been really mean to people in this game, and so, I mean, take me further in this game than someone who you guys don't respect as a competitor.
16. Malcolm (5/6): Since-- goodness gra-- since the beginning of this game, everyone has wanted Abi gone. Abi is so detrimental to morale and just people's smiles in general. She's like a soul sucker around camp. She's like the dementors from Harry Potter. Nobody can stand having her around. She’s just a drain on camplife.
17. Carter (2/2): Abi's personality coming off strong, part of it may be because she's from another country. I don't-- I don't know.
18. Denise (1/1): It is not a cultural thing. It's-it’s her personality. And there wasn't a single one of us sitting there that didn't go, "And now you've just given us the very reason we need to vote you out," because it's this histrionic, dramatic, passive-aggressive martyr. It's not culture, it's just-- it’s the culture of Abi.
19. Abi-Maria (3/3): I am definitely on my own out here. I'm totally fighting for myself. I am an alliance of one person. So I just need to play smart, play my fantasy idol, try and bluff in this game. They're not believing me but, hey, if you tell a lie long enough, everyone starts to believe it and I'm convinced in my own lie. Even I am believing myself right now.
20. Malcolm (6/6): Abi continues to threaten that she has a Hidden Immunity Idol. I think she's obnoxious, but even as empty as we think Abi's threat is, it really is something we have to consider. That being said, we're really considering getting rid of this angry, unsociable, Brazilian girl over a really fit, athletic guy. I'm considering making a really bad strategic decision just for my, like, morale. That's how terrible of a human being Abi is. Plain and simple, cut and dry, if Abi goes home tonight, it's because she's a bitch.
1. Abi-Maria (1/6): I survived another Tribal. I cannot believe this. I am over the moon.
2. Abi-Maria (2/6): I bluffed with my (air quotes) “fantasy” Hidden Immunity Idol, and, um, I don't know if they buy it or not, but I'm going to try to pull it off at next Tribal again and see how it goes.
3. Lisa (1/6): Tribal Council was hard. Carter is just one of the nicest guys you'd ever want to meet. It really doesn't seem fair. I mean, this game isn't fair. But if I had a choice to bring somebody that was worthy of being there or somebody I could beat, I would bring somebody I could beat.
4. Malcolm (1/9): At Tribal Council tonight, Lisa said she wants to go to the end with somebody she thinks she can beat. It was really an eye opener that she's thinking that strategically. So good on her, but now I know exactly what she’s looking for in someone to take to the final three. And her head’s in the game. She tipped it off and it makes her dangerous going forward.
5. Malcolm (2/9): Abi's come up with this cock and bull story about having an idol for, you know, a few votes now. She's keeping the act going around camp like she still has one, but the threat was so high on her last night to go home and she was so relieved to find out that she didn't, that there's no way she would’ve held on to it in her bag last night.
6. Abi-Maria (3/6): Malcolm is not going anywhere anytime soon. He’s definitely using his Hidden Immunity this time around. I need to make sure that the alliance that Denise and Malcolm have is destroyed because they are very dangerous together. And if Denise does not win the next Immunity Challenge, she needs to go home ASAP.
7. Lisa (2/6): I don't believe Abi for a second, but I need Abi close, whether we keep her or she goes to the jury. If we keep her, I need her close to just kind of maybe take to the end and that feels really yucky inside. But I'm not going to lie, that is the relationship I have with Abi. It's one to use her for my best game plan.
8. Lisa (3/6): Right now, it appears I have options from which to choose. I would love to be able to vote off Denise and keep Abi around. Then again, I may need to vote off Abi in order to keep the four alliance strong. So I have all these great, you know, scenarios in my head. But I do believe I'm taking control of my destiny, but part of taking control of my destiny is waiting to the right time to make my big move.
9. Abi-Maria (4/6): I was very crushed when I wasn't picked to go on this reward. Yes, it just proves to me that, once again, I am on the bottom of whatever alliance. To make matters worse, I gotta go home with Denise. Denise is, like, a horrible person. So it's not a fun day.
10. Denise (1/5): It's going to be a painful afternoon. It's like the first date with the kid who, like, pulled your hair all time in kindergarten, or, like, spit in your lunch, and then suddenly, you're on a date. And it's like, “Wow… okay.” So I'm just going to make nice.
11. Denise (2/5): It-- it's like, I just want to get to the end of the day, and so I'm going to let her strategize. I'm going to let her talk about how she's a swing vote.
12. Denise (3/5): She keeps talking about having a Hidden Immunity Idol. None of us believes she has one, not even for-for a minute. But it's just trying to get through the afternoon and-and make it as tolerable as it can be. I wanna hang myself, gouge my eyes out. If I could have, like, needles that could just (gestures stabbing motion) right into my eardrums, I’d be good for the afternoon.
13. Malcolm (3/9): After a short little ride, we end up on this boat and there's this great spread of exactly what a couple of us have been craving for a long time, which is pizza. Then they have soft drinks and cookies, which I have already shown a weakness for out here.
14. Malcolm (4/9): Michael Skupin doesn't eat sugar in real life and he over ate on sugar and he acted like a drunk chick at a bar. He's laughing and rolling around in his seat. He's trying on clothes. All of a sudden, Michael Skupin is fun to be around. Who knew he had that side of him?
15. Michael (1/5): Wow, I haven't had a soda in thirty years. And I-I had three or four of them-- I don't even remember. But, you know, they're good.
16. Malcolm (5/9): We have this whole team of local fishermen trying to find one of these fish. These guys finally spots a shadow in the water. Then it turns out we're not even just looking over the boat at these guys: he hands these flippers and a mask. You're actually gonna put me in the water with the world's biggest fish? My hands started shaking.
17. Lisa (4/6): We dove in like Navy SEALs, and the guide grabbed my hand, and he points. And then out of the blue, I mean, literally, poof! This humongous whale shark appears. And it's so big it never ends. It just keeps swimming and keeps swimming, keeps swimming.
18. Malcolm (6/9): To see something that huge and to be around something that powerful was awe-inspiring. That fish was just massive.
19. Michael (2/5): I'm swimming with this thing with the dorsal fin that looks like a shark, and it's so intimidating because you think at any second it could just turn on you and bite you, eat you.
20. Malcolm (7/9): A whale shark headbutted Michael Skupin. Funniest thing I've seen in my life. And my mind’s become so calculating after a month and a half of this game, I'm thinking, "Oh, great, one less competitor." (chuckles) In the midst of all this excitement, I have a game to play. I've been the driving force of the last few votes, I need to continue to be that at the end.
21. Malcolm (8/9): Myself and Denise have been tight since Day 1, but in my mind, my best chance to get to the final three and to win a final three is going to be next to Lisa and Skupin. So I need to make them give me their word on a final three deal that cuts Denise out.
22. Michael (3/5): Malcolm at this point, would be the best person to form an alliance with for the final three because he's the most dangerous to win an individual immunity. So if he wins, he has more power in who gets to come to the final three.
23. Lisa (5/6): Skupin's really on board with this, and I don't have a chance to try to talk some sense into him, so I can say, “Yeah, love it. Makes all the sense in the world to me, us three to the end.” And if it's the best way for me to go, great. I've made a deal. And if it's not, then I can make another deal.
24. Denise (4/5): This morning I got up and as soon as I moved, it just-- there's sharp incredible stinging. Um, it was like my neck, my whole neck was on fire (points to left side of neck) right here. Like, this hurts to just even lift my arm or to move my neck. So I don't know if I'm having an allergic reaction to something that bit me. I've got, like, fang marks somewhere in my neck here, so clearly it wasn't a mosquito. (holds back tears) I'm trying to tell myself to suck it up ‘cause you have three days left. Like, seriously. If it's just an allergic reaction that’ll pass, then we're good, but I just don't know what it is. I don't know if it was a spider. It could have been a little lizard. There are tarantulas out here. We've seen scorpions. We've seen a snake, you know, going up the tree. You forget that, you know, there's stuff everywhere out here. So I'm just hoping it-it passes. It's-it’s not gonna kill me, but it's really, really painful right now.
25. Abi-Maria (5/6): I feel really bad that Denise is hurt, but when you have an Immunity Challenge coming up and it's final four, I'm like, kind of relieved a little bit because what scares me the most is freaking Denise winning immunity. The reality of things are I came here not to be feeling bad for other people. I came here to win a million dollars.
26. Denise (5/5): Knowing that Malcolm won and it wasn't Abi, was a huge relief. Tonight is a slam dunk. There’s no other name that I'll be writing down other than Abi's, and the torture of dealing with her will be done.
27. Abi-Maria (6/6): (tearfully) I lost today, unfortunately, to Malcolm. It's-it’s… it’s devastating. It's like… I'm tired. I'm hungry. I'm emotionally weak. And I get no credit here. But even though I'm drained, I will keep on fighting. So I need Skupin and Lisa to vote with me against Denise.
28. Michael (4/5): You'd think it would be an easy decision tonight, which it's not, because everything matters so much when you get down to the end game like this. And you have to consider every scenario if you want to come out on top.
29. Michael (5/5): Abi hasn't done much that's likable at all in a game where everyone is trying to be liked by everybody, but hanging out with Abi for the next three days would definitely be worth a million dollars.
30. Malcolm (9/9): I'm double protected at Tribal Council tonight. I've got the Immunity Necklace from the challenge, and I've got a Hidden Immunity Idol in my pocket. But, uh, I really have no intention of giving Denise the idol. There's no reason to. She's safe because myself, Skupin, Denise, and Lisa will all vote for Abi tonight. So it means my mom is probably going to get a nice little something to put on a shelf for a long time to come.
31. Lisa (6/6): I wanna go to the end with Abi. Someone I feel it would be easier to beat. But Malcolm won the Immunity Necklace today and he is getting more and more dangerous by the day. He could continue to win immunity all the way up to the end, maybe the whole game. And so we need all available manpower to defeat Malcolm at the final Immunity Challenge. And Abi's not a scary opponent, so we may need Denise in there to knock Malcolm out of there. Since my brother came out, he really did kind of recalibrate me, and tonight's decision, for me, is based purely on strategy, purely on planning out all the different scenarios, which trade off is going to cost me the most, and which trade off is a better reward the most, and then just hoping that I guessed right.
1. Michael (1/10): Getting rid of Abi, it's the best feeling I've had since I've been out here. It sucked life out of you having her here. I’ve never met anybody like that before.
2. Malcolm (1/5): On the one hand, it's a really good thing that Abi is gone. The bad news is she went out with a bang. Whenever somebody wants to go out with a bang in this game, they tend to throw me under the bus with compliments, of all things. "Malcolm will definitely win the game. Malcolm is a 100% a lock if you let him get to the end." I think they're trying to be nice but the amount of damage control I have to keep doing after somebody blows up at Tribal Council is getting ridiculous.
3. Michael (2/10): Malcolm and I have a Survivor alliance, but the decision that I have to make for the endgame strategy has to be who I want to sit next to in the final three. There is a feeling that Malcolm's the runaway. Abi sees it that way. Lisa sees it that way. I don't see it that way. I believe I have a better story than he has. I have to step outside the game for just a minute and look at it from an outside observer in order to truly make the decision on that.
4. Denise (1/5): Oh, we have a challenge today which we-we weren't expecting. My fear is I will be the next one to go. We've had this solid four, but four can't go to three so I am desperate to win it because one of us is going to get the short end of the stick, and I definitely don't want it to be me.
5. Lisa (1/6): We did not need Malcolm winning an immunity advantage. He was already a huge threat to win, just on his own. So it was going to be an uphill climb just battling Malcolm. Now battling Malcolm with an advantage? Forget it.
6. Malcolm (2/5): Today, I managed to pull it out. I won some sort of advantage in the the final Immunity Challenge which is huge. It's the last challenge before this thing goes to the jury vote, and at this point, I'll take any advantage I can get. Everything is going exactly as I planned. I have a final three deal with Lisa and Skupin. I think I can beat them at the end. I absolutely think I could beat Denise at the end, but she's the hardest person to beat for me right now. Her story is too similar to mine. You know, the person from the tribe that was wiped out early on made it all the way to the end. So, I feel bad for her but the best thing for my game right now is to go to the final three with people I can beat.
7. Denise (2/5): I tried to approach Malcolm about going to the final three together, and he's just very hesitant to make any kind of commitment, and so for me, knowing that he had planned so hard to make sure we had a six, and had planned so hard to make sure we had a four, makes me very leery about his thoughts on keeping me in that final three. So, this is kind of scramble time and I need to figure out a plan and figure it out fast.
8. Lisa (2/6): Today’s been a good day. I just found out that Denise is willing to turn on Malcolm and go to the final three with Mike and me. She realizes she doesn't have a chance against him. None of us do. So this is fabulous.
9. Lisa (3/6): I hugged her, big hug. Didn't shake her hand. (chuckles) Didn't give her my word because I don't know what Skupin is going to think about this.
10. Michael (3/10): Lisa and I have a pact with Malcolm to go into the final three together, but now it looks like we have the same deal with Denise, which is great because either way, Lisa and I will be in the final three with one of those two, depending on who wins immunity.
11. Michael (4/10): You know, the word on the street is Malcolm's unbeatable, and he makes it to the final three, it's a landslide, he'll get every vote. I don't know. I think I can beat Malcolm. And I think I can tell a pretty good story at the end. So I just have to keep my cool and figure out who I want to sit next to in the final three because that's the million dollar question right there.
12. Lisa (4/6): I hated it when Abi used to tell me that I needed to keep Michael on a leash, but I think you need to be pretty level headed to be able to make some strategic moves, and sometimes Skupin is not that level headed.
13. Michael (5/10): Lisa and I are not on the same page as far as who sits in the final three, and who that last person is on the jury. So if I want to control the outcome of the game, I have to have immunity in my hand so I can create the final three instead of just falling into the final three.
14. Malcolm (3/5): Tree Mail was a larger message than usual. We are gonna do the, uh, Fallen Comrades walk today, where you go pay your respects to everyone who’s fallen before you in this game. It's a very cool thing to be able to take some time and go remember them one last time before, uh, the blood starts flowing tonight.
15. Malcolm (4/5): I knew I needed to win that Immunity Challenge to really guarantee my spot at the final three, but the minute I get nervous around a girl or anything, my hands start to shake just a little bit and then when I saw my hands start shaking, it just got worse and worse and worse. So, it's a very disconcerting scenario because my fate now rests with Lisa and Skupin.
16. Michael (6/10): I can't believe I did it. This win means I made it to the very, very, very, very end. And what I'm most proud of is the fact they all said the same thing, “Malcolm is going to win.” And it turns out, it was not even close. Now, there's a ton of strategy. Who do you keep? Who do you put on the jury? Can you get their vote? And it's up to me to make that decision.
17. Malcolm (5/5): This is the first time, in a long time in this game, I haven't been calling the shots. Hopefully, I've strategized well enough to where it doesn't matter. I have an oath from Lisa and Skupin that they're with me, that Denise is going home. But people are out here playing a game for a million dollars, and if they get any crazy ideas, I could be in for a nasty surprise tonight.
18. Denise (3/5): I am so mad. Malcolm and I could have stayed together and split the vote, have it be a tie, but now that's not going to happen. So my head is clearly on the block tonight. The problem is Skupin is kind of the dreamer guy. His mind is going a thousand different places and he may not always see the repercussion of what happens if you take the best of the best of the best to the end. So I have to figure out a way to convince him that it's worth it to take me with them. I'm one stubborn, determined woman. And if I can make it happen, I'm gonna make it happen.
19. Michael (7/10): The obvious choice would be get Lisa and Denise on board and vote Malcolm out. That just seems like the obvious. But when it comes right down to it, I would love to take Malcolm and beat him straight up man to man, two warriors, fought to a head. He won three individual challenges. I won three individual challenges. What a great head-to-head battle that would be.
20. Michael (8/10): Right now, I haven't decided who I'm going to keep yet. I am strongly considering keeping Malcolm. You know, my wife said to me as I was walking out the door, “Make us proud of you." And I would love to get to the final three by keeping my word, and being honorable, and come the final vote, have her say, "You made us proud."
21. Lisa (5/6): Tonight, we can either bring Malcolm or Denise to the final three. Assuming Michael and I will vote together, which is a big assumption, because Skupin is a wild card here. Handing the title of Sole Survivor on a platter to Malcolm would just be stupid. Everybody who signed up to play this game came to win, and I did, too. So after what I've been through, I would do whatever it takes to make sure Malcolm is not in the final three.
22. Denise (4/5): I feel badly that Malcolm was really upset, but at the same time, this is that part of the game when I can say, “You know, Malcolm, you were a great ally. Um, you played a great game, but this is the part where I outwit you. This is the part where I went one step past you and you can be angry, but that's the game.”
23. Michael (9/10): As he was leaving Tribal Council, Malcolm said, uh, “Congratulations on your million dollars, Denise.” Meaning she was going to run away with it. Um, I'll have a lot to say about that tomorrow. Some people might not want to vote for any one of us. I guess who can plead their case the best is potentially the one that’s going to win a million bucks.
24. Denise (5/5): It was great to hike up to the cliff this morning, you know, to have the three of us, and just to sit up here and have a different perspective. Here I am, this little old sex therapist from Cedar Rapids, Iowa, that everybody thinks is probably going to ride on coattails, who actually has played some strategy. And I feel like I'm thriving out here.
25. Michael (10/10): We walked up to Tree Mail this morning and there was bacon and sausage and I'll tell you, your strength starts to return just from knowing you're going to eat. 23 seasons I watched this game and I've always wondered if I could play this whole game strategically enough to get myself in the final three. I knew I could make it to the end 23 seasons ago. When I came out here, I tried to tell myself the same thing, but thoughts of doubt kept creeping in because every time I got around a campfire, I thought, “Don't fall in the sucker.” But I'm here, and it feels good to be here.
26. Lisa (6/6): You know, I left show business, got married, raised my kids, and that was a thing of my past. And now I'm back in the game of Survivor. And you would think that it would feel very similar, but it's nothing like what I experienced growing up as a child because on The Facts of Life I had a role, I had a script, I played a character, I didn't have to worry about me. I didn't really realize how much of your heart and your soul and your spirit and your body are involved in this game, that your head is just a little bitty part of it. And yet it's a huge part of it when it comes to winning the game. The overwhelming feeling is one of gratitude. I mean, of the eighteen that started, there are only three that get to experience Day 39. This is just a rare privilege, and I'm very aware and humbled that I get to experience something so incredible.
