1. So (1/7): I'm a buyer for a major department store. I am demanding. I've made pretty much every person that's ever worked for me cry at one point. I guess I'm the devil, yeah.
2. Max (1/3): As a college professor, I taught a class on Survivor. There are very few things in my life that I've set my mind to that I haven't achieved because I step on the people whose assistance I need to get to that next plateau.
3. Carolyn (1/13): In corporate America, I've worked in some hardcore companies. Everybody wants your job, and it's the same thing on Survivor. Everyone's going for the same goal. Game on, baby. Here it is!
4. Mike (1/4): I work in the oil and gas industry. I'm normally the one that is covered the most in oil, covered the most in mud. Same thing with this game. If you're not getting your hands dirty, you ain't going to win. My hands are going to be filthy.
5. Lindsey (1/2): I'm a single mom and I'm a hair stylist. Having a little girl is hard, but it's made me who I am. Mentally, there's no one on this Earth who is as strong as I am.
6. Dan (1/6): I've worked for the post office for 22 years. And I am here to live my dream. I have dreamt about being on Survivor since Season 1, Episode 1. And, I plan on being remembered, one way or another, you will not forget me.
7. Jenn (1/10): I'm a searcher. I'm an adventurer. I kind of just fly by the seat of my pants. And I do what I want to do when I want to do it. Of course I want a million dollars. Money makes your life way easier. Have you ever seen an unhappy person on a jet ski? No.
8. Hali (1/2): When people hear that I'm in law school, they probably assume that I'm, like, a corporate dog-eat-dog girl. But that's not who I am. I'm in it for the poor, like, broken-down people. I'm not anarchy. I'm-I'm the greater good.
9. Vince (1/6): As a coconut vendor, I see truth. I'm a seer of real. I live life in a way where I'm guided by my own decisions. There are just no rules for me. My personality is a lot like surfing a wave. (deep sigh) So let me surf this for a second.
10. Joaquin (1/3): I always want to be the guy in charge, and I'm here to win a million dollars. Fast money, loose women, lots of champagne. Like, are you kidding me?
11. Joe (1/5): I don't want them to think I'm a threat. I want them to think that I'm here to enjoy the beaches. No, I want to beat you in Survivor.
12. Rodney (1/4): People look at me they just think I'm a meathead. But when it comes to competition, I'm filet mignon and they're a bunch of steak-umms.
13. Sierra (1/2): Now, it’s game on.
14. Shirin (1/3): As a Survivor fan, this is, like, my life dream. Like, I-I wanted to be on Survivor since I was sixteen years old. Ten years of applying, and yet I've never been better prepared to play this game. This is, like, fate!
15. Tyler (1/3): I worked in arguably the largest and most cut-throat talent agency in all the world. I don't believe there's going to be any problem going from the urban jungle to the actual jungle.
16. Rodney (2/4): You guys think I just lift furniture? I don't do that no more. Now I use my mind to outwit people. But I don't want them knowing. I'm a hustler. I'm a salesman. This is what I do. Every single day I got to sell myself to get money.
17. Max (2/3): Jeff asked someone to step out front and take on a weighty decision. And one thing I've learned from studying this game is the biggest mistake you can make is putting yourself into a leadership position.
18. Will (1/3): Last year I had a video that went viral of me and my wife dancing and singing at the gas station. The reason why people liked the video was because sometimes people take life too seriously and don't take advantage of an opportunity like that. You know, just live in the moment. Just put your guard down and just have fun.
19. Carolyn (2/13): Jeff said, “Everyone go back to camp” and I could see the other two tribes going, “Those white collar people who work in the offices, we want to kill them.” But to me, class has nothing to do with it. It's Survivor warfare.
20. Hali (2/2): I love being a No Collar. I can just see it in people's eyes that they were fun kind of people. So, I think as a tribe, the game plan right now is to be really laid back and let it flow. I kind of live life that way.
21. Nina (1/1): They were all extremely shocked when they found out that I'm completely deaf. I know that I'm going to be at a disadvantage, but the most I can do is go into it 110% and give it everything I've got.
22. Will (2/3): Jeff said we had to make a decision for the tribe. So before we went, we said, “Okay, we got to make decisions as a group.”
23. Will (3/3): If we wanted to be dishonest, we can have the clue for the Immunity Idol and take a small bag of beans. Or we could be honest with the tribe and take a humongous bag of beans.
24. Jenn (2/10): Ultimately, we're making a decision for our tribe, so obviously the choice is the big bean bag. We're not in the individual game. We're doing the best for us as a crew.
25. Dan (2/6): My inclination is to go with the honesty simply because at this stage of the game, to throw deceit, I personally think it's stupid. You have to focus on trying to build that camaraderie.
26. Sierra (2/2): I don't believe that's a full bag of beans. I think they chose the other one. That is not a big bag. What was the other one, four beans? If you've given us a reason to think that you're lying and not being honest, you know, then you-you have to live with that.
27. Carolyn (3/13): I'm in training. So the first thing you do in training is introductions. Your name, how long have you worked here, what have you done. That's kind of what we did. We're not ashamed of being white collar. They all knew what to do. It was like clockwork.
28. So (2/7): Jeff said that when we got back to camp, Joaquin and I would have to walk off and make some sort of decision.
29. Joaquin (2/3): So, she's a cutie. She's really cool and she's down to Earth, but like.. come on. Who the hell is honest? Honest is like... come on. Are you here to make friends or are you here to win a million dollars? Let's go, cutie.
30. So (3/7): Joaquin was so sure. Like, there was nothing about him that wanted to be honest or, like, work with the tribe. Ultimately, that gut instinct to, like, have that advantage won.
31. So (4/7): I love having an advantage. But that means I have to trust Joaquin. And that's a little bit scary, too. I feel like I'm making a deal with the devil.
32. So (5/7): The decision that we ultimately made was to deceive and we took the clue. But my biggest fear right now is putting a target on my back for making the wrong decision. My whole, like, game could come crashing down around me.
33. Carolyn (4/13): When So and Joaquin come back to camp, they have this bag that's tied shut.
34. Carolyn (5/13): I don't really trust So and Joaquin. I'm thinking that they have the clue to the Hidden Immunity Idol. But I would do the same thing. I can't be pissed off at anybody else. This is a game. Hello!
35. Shirin (2/3): As a Survivor fan, I knew that it's honesty or deception, and they clearly chose deception. So I'm worried. So I want to immediately start connecting with people. I want to see what they think about me. I want to see if anybody there is willing to engage. Carolyn was just like, “I'm just so happy to be here.” So am I, girlfriend! She was down. Also, I get a really good vibe from Max, just based on appearances. You know, like a hipster-academic type.
36. Shirin (3/3): And from that point I had a great bond with Carolyn. I had a great bond with Max. That's three of us in a tribe of six.
37. Dan (3/6): We're blue collar workers. We saw what needed to be done. We all jumped into it because we'll find a way. That's what we do.
38. Dan (4/6): We got a fire built within the first two hours. In one sentence: Blue collars kick ass.
39. Rodney (3/4): When I see my tribe, I was really happy with what I got. You get a girl all tatted up, which I like because if somebody has tattoos and they have artwork on their body, they want to express themselves in some way. So, it's easy entry to talk about something.
40. Rodney (4/4): So coming into Survivor, I knew I could get to any girl's heart with that story. So it makes me solidify when I have this tattoo on my arm, that says it too, they can tell I'm that I'm telling the truth and I'm being real with them. My strategy from Day 1: get the girls. Girls, they want to sit back and let a man take the leader role. So, I want to get the girls. I want to be their leader and I'll take them to the merge with me.
41. Mike (2/4): So I grab this piece of bamboo that I'm about to cut. I happen to see this scorpion go by. It's not that big of a scorpion at all but big enough that I'm sure if it stung you it would do some damage. First instinct is protein. So I cut its tail off. Bang! Down the hatch. It tasted like crap.
42. Mike (3/4): I knew whenever I came out here, that if there was an extra chance to get protein, that I was going to take that chance. It just so happens that that might not have been the greatest decision that I ever made.
43. Mike (4/4): Maybe not the best decision to eat a scorpion on the first day of Survivor. But I'm the type of person, if I see an opportunity in front of me, I'm going to go grab it. I'm going to run as fast as I can and clench on as hard as I can and ride that bull for as long as I can. I saw the scorpion, I seized the opportunity. And I paid the consequence. That's your boy.
44. Jenn (3/10): No Collar is a wonderful little community that's happening right now. Everything's going great. We're meshing and flowing smoother than hot butter.
45. Vince (2/6): There's something about Jenn that just seems real. And that makes me comfortable, completely. Emotionally secure, physically secure, and it's wonderful.
46. Jenn (4/10): The guy with the feathers, right off the bat he pulls me aside and tells me he thinks we have a kindred spirit. “I liked your smile. I want to go to the end with you.” He's everything that I expected him to be... and more, maybe.
47. Vince (3/6): One of my greatest weaknesses is my intense attraction to women. Jenn brought an element of herself here and so did I. And I want to play with somebody that's like that. When I want something, I get it.
48. Jenn (5/10): He's playing this game a little harder than I would have seen coming out of those feathers. And I'm thinking, is it worth it to play, uh, whatever he thinks I am to him? But right now it's worth it to have allies. To have people on your side. So, smile and nod is my approach with Vince right now.
49. Joe (2/5): Vince said he wanted to do the shelter a certain way. And I said, “Hey, man, whatever you want to do.” You know, very no collar of me, but in this situation, I have a lot of skills that I bring to the table. I've worked in construction. I've built a lot of things.
50. Joe (3/5): I'm not a big fan of someone telling me to do something that I know is wrong. Because I know what we need to do to get it secured. So, at some point politeness goes away.
51. Vince (4/6): Watching Joe bulldoze projects and want to do it his way and only his way, it sprung a huge red flag. We are the No Collar tribe. We need to have collaboration. If we don't have that, it's going to be a problem.
52. Lindsey (2/2): Dan definitely gets under my skin because he says things that are just over the top and dramatic. He's the one person that doesn't belong.
53. Kelly (1/1): Dan with his age and being a male, he wants to prove himself that he knows what he's talking about. But he's dealing with 20 year olds, and he's twice their age. So you're going to have to listen to them, but he doesn't have those social skills to working it... let's just work it out.
54. Dan (5/6): The whole thing started with Lindsey. And then I saw Sierra's reaction. I saw Kelly. So now I try to change tactics. I got to lay back, I got to shut my mouth. I am in a no-win situation because no matter what I do now, everybody starts giving me grief. I am really in a bad position, fast, with this tribe.
55. Dan (6/6): Mike's great. He really wants to stay positive. That man is a walking ray of sunshine. He is absolutely the glue holding us together right now.
56. Jenn (6/10): Joe says, “I can make fire.” So, yeah Joe, go make fire. You say you can do it without flint, I'm going to sit here and try to watch you do that.
57. Jenn (7/10): I like Joe a lot. I think his personality is great. He's a good-looking dude. He's tall, he's muscular. He should be on the cover of a romance novel.
58. Joe (4/5): This game means the world to me. And I have been such a huge fan my whole life. I said I can make fire, so I got to back it up and make fire.
59. Joe (5/5): For me, getting the fire was the best feeling in the whole world. It was really good. It scored me some points with the tribe.
60. Vince (5/6): I already have something going on with Jenn, but it seems like she wants to ride the wave that Joe's making. That worries me because I don't trust him. So I have to further explore this relationship with Jenn, really feel out who she is as an individual, as a person.
61. Jenn (8/10): I think Vince is jealous. One of the first things out of his mouth is, “So, do you think Joe is attractive?” What?!
62. Jenn (9/10): He's obviously got these little puppy dog feelings that apparently he had for me hurt. But I know how to handle him, though. I think.
63. Vince (6/6): I would really like if Jenn were an honest person, but I just don't feel that. I just feel like she's being fake.
64. Jenn (10/10): Vince is the most paranoid person out here. D-Dealing with him is a lot. Calm down, you know? He's driving me nuts. And don't hug me forever after. We smell bad. Okay. We smell bad. Do not get this (shows armpit) all over my face.
65. Tyler (2/3): My thoughts are, the shelter is very average. It was probably the worst night of sleep I've ever had in my life. Our tribe is white collar, people who run the show. But the reality is we've got to grab our lunch boxes and grind things out with the blue collar-like worth ethic.
66. Joaquin (3/3): Who would have thought it would be that damn hard to make a fire? Nobody knows how to make a damn fire. None of us do. Why would we? White collar. We hire a blue collar to go make us a fire. We're not getting fire, but it's all right. You know? I'm going to start going to look for that Immunity Idol.
67. Carolyn (6/13): When So and Joaquin came back to camp with that bag of beans, I kind of figured they had a clue. So I watched them like a hawk because if they're looking there, then maybe it's over there. So made it so freakin' obvious. She's searching in that freakin' tree like there's no tomorrow. I kind of know from watching seasons past the types of things you have to look for. It's got to be something that's different. It looks different. I saw this funny-looking tree, and I'm like, “Okay.”
68. Carolyn (7/13): Oh, my God! (ecstatic) I open it up, and I'm like, “You have found the Hidden Immunity Idol. Woot! Woot!” The magical part of this is everyone thinks that So and Joaquin have the clue and they're all still looking. It's hilarious.
69. So (6/7): Oh, my God. The challenge today was a disaster. A disaster. I mean, we were in the lead until the very end. And it was definitely Shirin and Carolyn. They were the weakest links on our team.
70. Carolyn (8/13): We were in the lead. We started our puzzle first and it went downhill from there. Shirin said from the start that she's great at puzzles, but we lost the challenge, which is fine because you got to step up, right?
71. Carolyn (9/13): It's going to be a girl tonight. We all know that. Because everyone is going to see the girls as weaker than the guys. I know we all like each other, but one of us is going home tonight. Plain and simple.
72. So (7/7): As a business person, I expect people to deliver. And if you don't deliver, then it's a problem. Yes, Shirin was weak physically today and she didn't perform during the puzzle. Carolyn is playing the safe role. She's not volunteering to put herself out there, so I'm leaning towards Carolyn at this point. I mean, the hard part is to get the three guys to vote towards Carolyn.
73. Carolyn (10/13): I'm worried about So. She's gone off with everybody. If they want to keep the tribe strong, you got to go with the weakest link. They might want me out because I'm the oldest person on the tribe.
74. Carolyn (11/13): White collar people have interpersonal skills to know when people are lying, and I think So lied about the clue to the Hidden Immunity Idol. I don't trust her. She's playing me just like she's playing everybody else, and right now I don't feel comfortable.
75. Carolyn (12/13): Oh, my God. I knew my name was coming up and So was walking all around. I'm thinking that So brought my name up, point blank.
76. Carolyn (13/13): I have a Hidden Immunity Idol, so I know that I'm not going home tonight. But I really don't want to use it tonight. I want to go there feeling comfortable that it's not me. So I need to get So out.
77. Max (3/3): Shirin, Carolyn and I have been true to each other since Day 1. But most of all, what I want is to make sure that I am with the numbers. The names on the table tonight are Carolyn and So. Carolyn stands out because she's older. That's just the sort of small difference that can make you an outsider on a small tribe of six members. On the other side of the equation is So. She's certainly put herself into a difficult position when she chose to lie to the rest of the tribe about the choice that she and Joaquin made.
78. Tyler (3/3): Tonight's vote, if it just was boil down to physical strength, it would have to go in the face of Carolyn because she's older than everybody else on the tribe. On the flip side, if it's an integrity issue, all arrows would be pointed at So. But Carolyn changed a lot of my vote today by telling me she had an idol. The logical argument is that Carolyn should be the first one to go. I know how dangerous the an Immunity Idol can be. Tonight's vote can go either way, but I absolutely believe that somebody is going to be shocked.
1. Mike (1/2): Dan lost his underwear and made this makeshift shirt-pants where he's got his belt wrapped around his waist with a shirt folded in such a way where he doesn't show his rear or his junk.
2. Lindsey (1/1): Socially, I think Dan's game is downright dumb. I think what happened was Dan was plotting how he could become funny or entertaining because he's starting to, like, lose the novelty of being annoying and, like, the fat guy or whatever. So he decided that he would be the guy to lose his manties. I think it was just Dan's next ploy. The thing is, the joke's on him because I want you to leave me alone long enough for us to get to Tribal Council so I can see your sweet ass go home.
3. Max (1/2): It's Day 4-- we just got fire. And barely at that. We have struggled around camp to get the basic necessities to sustain life. And the fact that we don't work with our hands sets us apart from Blue Collar. I wouldn't be surprised if the Blue Collar tribe has been making fires, hooting and hollering and causing havoc, but the one thing that we haven't struggled for is that we have a beautiful beach right out there that we can go swimming in. As a fan, student and teacher of this game, I feel like it's only right for me to tip my cap to some of the greats who have come before me.
4. Tyler (1/1): Max is an interesting character. He's got this little bit of a No Collar streak in him, just kind of does whatever he wants, will strip down and walk out and cruise around. He brings a little bit of levity, but I don't know how much of it is a show and how much of it is trying to distract us from how smart and how well he knows this game.
5. Max (2/2): I absolutely have no qualms with dropping trout and being in my birthday suit. It's freeing. It's comfortable. It gets you out of your wet Survivor garb for a little while. It's also a great way to get some time alone because, surprisingly enough, when you tell people you're going for a swim and they know that you're going to be naked there, it's pretty good odds you're going to be taking that swim alone. So I'm using it a little bit strategically in order to get a little bit of alone time, a little bit of private time away from the fray. Time for me to think.
6. Shirin (1/1): Max loves this game like I love this game, and it's an adventure for him. Which makes me love him, it makes me relate to him more. And he's kind of a trendsetter. It's actually super convenient to be naked a lot of the time.
7. Joaquin (1/1): Max and Shirin, they walk around naked all the time. Poor Tyler, you know, Tyler is married and is like, “Oh, no! I can't even look that way.”
8. Hali (1/2): I've been trying to get to know Nina better and reach out to her because she's a nice woman, and with her disability, she's incredible just being out here. Unfortunately, because she's deaf, it's really hard having a conversation with her.
9. Vince (1/6): A No Collar person is a kind, heart centered, compassionate human being. But there's a lot of snarky remarks coming from the girls. Nina, she really wants to be part of the tribe. She wants to be there and have conversations and sharing things. However, it's really difficult for her. And I think the girls are having a hard time just going with it.
10. Nina (1/2): Ever since I lost my hearing, people have been pushing me aside because they don't know how to deal with it. I was hoping that out here it might be different. The girls in the tribe, they have excluded me on everything, since Day 1. And the straw that broke the camel's back was they've gone swimming. They didn't ask me to go. They never asked me to do anything with them. (crying) I mean, I knew coming out here was going to be hard, but I thought that the people on my tribe would at least try to make me feel like I belonged.
11. Jenn (1/2): I'm on this amazing high, going skinny dipping with my friend. Get back, and Nina is crying. And angry, and calling us mean girls for not including her, and I was like, “Are you serious?” Like, “Get it together, Nina! You're crying on Day 4!” I guess she's used to people coddling her a little more, but you don't do that in this game. You got to have a little thicker skin than that, you know. So I guess Nina is someone we're gonna kinda have to baby a little bit 'til... 'til we don't have to anymore.
12. Will (1/4): Nina is a sweet person, but you can see it in her face that she's just lost. I'm very sympathetic to her problems. So I just hope she can keep it together. But at this point I'm pretty sure that she's already put a target on her back.
13. Rodney (1/2): Where I grew up, it's all about working hard. And that's what I've been doing the whole game. But Mike keeps on busting my balls in camp 'cause he's the type of guy that needs to be doing something. He can't relax. At the end of the day, if we're working hard, we need to play hard too, man. We got to have to some fun out here.
14. Mike (2/2): Coming from a background where I pretty much had to work hard for everything my whole life, it is in my nature to be a hard worker. So it is very frustrating to me being a true Blue Collar and then looking around and other people just aren't. Yeah, I want to play basketball with everybody, but there are stuff to be done out here to where we have to survive. You shouldn't have to tell an adult “Hey, there's stuff to be done. Get it done.”
15. Rodney (2/2): Mike's just pushing people's buttons. We already got a five feet pile of firewood sitting right there. So, why are you so mad? I may not bring back the most firewood, but guess what? I don't start nothing with nobody. You just start one fight with somebody, you're 100% target on your back.
16. Vince (2/6): I probably work harder than anybody on the No Collar tribe, but around camp, it's all about Joe. He's got that young man bravado and wants to prove himself. And I completely understand that. I was young once, too. I'm 32 now. And I feel like my hormones have chilled out to a point where I can let a lot of that stuff slide. But Joe is kind of that center of attention kind of guy, and it's pissing me off.
17. Will (2/4): Ever since we got here, Joe and Vince are just fighting for power. They're both trying to be the alpha dog, and it's getting to where it's making everybody uncomfortable.
18. Joe (1/3): Vince pulled me aside this morning and pretty much said, “Look, man, I need you to admit that you do this, and this, and this, and this.” And, uh, I didn't know what to say, to be honest. I think he's got a lot of issues that he needs to deal with himself. I think he wants to be the provider and he wants to be the guy who is calling the shots, because that's his personality. But he's a loose cannon, and I don't like it.
19. Vince (3/6): Joe said all the right things, and I want to believe him, but here's the thing: in my everyday life, I'm surrounded by people who I can have a comfortable, loving embrace with them, ten seconds of beauty, bliss, peace. But with Joe, I just don't feel that. I just don't.
20. Jenn (2/2): Vince scares me a little bit with his crazy, in-your-face bull(expletive censor). There's no doubt in my mind that he's going to do something just off-the-wall-nuts that will screw up everything for this tribe. I just feel like Vince is dangerous. The guy's on another planet, and I feel like he's just a little too No Collar for his own good.
21. Vince (4/6): Tonight, somebody's going to go home, and where Joe and I stand, as of right now, it really is cold war with missiles pointed. I mean, we're ready to start firing away. And it's going to get crazy.
22. Hali (2/2): So the challenge blew up major, and now we're going to Tribal. And this is going to be really interesting because this is the point where we have to make a decision, and being the No Collar tribe, that's really not one of our strengths.
23. Vince (5/6): We're all feeling the lack of sleep and nutrition, but Will's exhaustion showed itself in this challenge. And that worries me. Still, this is an opportunity to blindside a power player, which is Joe.
24. Nina (2/2): Me, Vince and Will have to stay true to each other. Otherwise, we're all going home, and I could get voted out first because after my blow-up, I know they want me out. So I’m very nervous.
25. Joe (2/3): At this point it sucks but, you know, Nina is the weakest link. She's 54 years old and her hearing also doesn't help. She's on the bottom, you know, and she knows it. So she's probably looking for the idol. So we got to be careful.
26. Joe (3/3): I've aligned myself with the girls and Will as a four. I'm hoping he's being honest with me. I have my doubts just because of how much time he's been spending with Nina. But you have to trust people in this game, so hopefully Will's on board with me because if he's not, he's going to muddle up a lot of plans.
27. Will (3/4): Joe wants me, him and the girls to vote Nina out, and I don't want to do that. We have a lot in common. She thinks she's odd man out because she can't hear, and I know how she's feeling because I'm the only brother in the whole game. But the thing is, since we know they're going to split the vote, if me, Vince and Nina vote out one of them three, we control the tribe.
28. Vince (6/6): Will told me that those three are going to split the vote, which is huge, because this is the perfect time to make a big move. In my heart and my gut, I want to get rid of Joe. He's a huge threat, huge threat. However, Joe is so strong in challenges, I feel like that asset value is tremendous, and I don't know if I'm willing to let go of that.
29. Will (4/4): Apparently, Vince has been going around telling people that I'm not feeling well 'cause, you know, my performance today in the challenge, and that's bull(expletive censor). Me getting tangled up in the buoy didn't cost us the challenge. Us not making the shot cost us the challenge. And it just pissed me off. At this point, there is so much scheming, conniving going on, I don't know who to believe. Those three are tight so, I'm pretty sure Joe came to me just because they need my vote. But at the same time, I don't know if I can really trust Vince. I'm the swing vote and I get to decide who goes. So, God knows what's going to happen. But I know one thing, this one's going to be a doozy.
1. Joe (1/4): I wanted to stick with the split-vote plan, but Will ended up voting for Vince instead, and frankly, I don't trust him maybe as much as I did. And it just made me a little nervous.
2. Will (1/3): To me what happened in Tribal Council, you got to think ahead. And, uh, I didn't trust Vince, so I just prolonged my chances in this game. And that's what it's all about. I'm playing chess, not checkers.
3. Nina (1/3): I thought we were going to blindside Jenn tonight and it didn't happen. Will bailed. I went into Tribal thinking we were going to be a solid three. And, you know, I left Tribal back to being an outsider again. The only thing that I can do is help the tribe win challenges. That's the only way I'm going to stay in the game.
4. Jenn (1/4): Nina immediately pulls a Nina and starts crying and gets all upset and then, like, brings in her hearing thing again, too. I'm like, “Nina, all you do is talk about your hearing. I get it. You're deaf. We all understand. Stop using it as an excuse.”
5. Shirin (1/2): Big papa, big mama howler monkeys just got it on.
6. Carolyn (1/2): Shirin is crazy. She's like, “Guys, guys, there's monkeys, and private parts.” I'm like, “What?!” I just don't even know where to go with that. I don't know how you work in Corporate America if you're so crazy.
7. Tyler (1/2): Shirin spent most of the morning talking about howler monkeys. And she's about as annoying, and as loud, and as intrusive as a howler monkey right now in our camp. It's weird and it's strange. She's got this, like, vibe that doesn't quite fit in. And she's definitely trying to fit in and it shows. But the reality is that it's actually painting a black X on her back.
8. Dan (1/1): I think my best characteristic may be my worst characteristic, which is my mouth. I have a very hard time keeping my mouth shut, but I definitely feel that I'm not as bad off as I was, and I can learn from my mistakes. Sometimes it takes an anvil to be dropped on my head, but I can learn.
9. Rodney (1/4): Me and Dan were joking around. I forget what I said to him, but he-he came back with “Your mother's a (expletive censor).” Dan is trying very hard, you know, to make us laugh. He has to chime in on all the jokes, but the matter of fact is, Dan, you're not funny, bro. You don't talk about my mother. That's number one. You don't disrespect my family. Back home, if somebody ever called my mother a (expletive censor), then we're getting serious. Then-then the battle is on. Then I'm going to turn up real quick and I'm going to jump down your throat.
10. Kelly (1/1): I did not think Blue Collar people were emotional. But hanging with these guys, they are pretty emotional. As a cop, you know how to sit back, watch, analyze and then know when to interject. It's like sometimes if there's a bar fight, we don't rush there because by the time that we get there, they duke it out and they're calm and they've settled down. And we get there and are like “Oh...” you know, “you guys worked it out?” “Yeah.” You know? But Rodney can be a drama queen. (chuckles)
11. Rodney (2/4): Dan's picturing, like, he's one of my boys from back home. But he's just digging himself a bigger, bigger hole. And we'll see where it ends up at the end. I mean, he crossed a line big time with that.
12. Jenn (2/4): Hali and I have been looking at these waves since we got here. They're perfect little barrels, and it's been kind of killing us not being able to surf. So, why not have some fun with it? We're using driftwood for our said surfboards. But they'll make do. They're rounded on the bottom, flat on the top.
13. Hali (1/2): Body surfing was such a good idea. Like surfing is probably my number three passion in life. So when she pulled that out, I was like, “Yeah, girl. I'm right with you.”
14. Jenn (3/4): This is exactly what No Collars do. I guarantee you the other tribes don't even think about doing stuff like this. But No Collars' lives are kind about having fun. Nothing is too serious out here. I don't know why everyone takes this game so seriously.
15. Joe (2/4): With Vince gone, I feel like a little bit of the paranoia has left the tribe. It's a beautiful day. The waves are crashing. Everything is golden. I think we're good. You know, I just want to keep continuing to provide for the tribe. Keeping everyone's state of mind in a good, you know, frame of reference and bring that team camaraderie up, up, up.
16. Joe (3/4): Nina, I love her, but I think she just felt like she was alone again. So, I'm going to try to become a little better friends with her. My mom was an interpreter for the deaf and she taught me and my three sisters sign language as infants. So, you know, I've been around the deaf community a lot in my life. And it's definitely one of those things that you keep in your pocket.
17. Nina (2/3): Joe and I, we had a nice conversation. He really just wanted to tell me to have a little bit more fun. Before I lost my hearing, I did sales. So, I've been White Collar before, but I'm not now. Once I lost my hearing, a traditional job was not important to me. So, I really am a No Collar person, but these people are a little bit more free spirited than me. So I'm finding out that I do have limitations. I got to change or I'm going to end up going home.
18. Carolyn (2/2): So the whole tribe is out looking for the Immunity Idol. So I'm watching the fire, relaxing, kind of enjoying it because I already have the Hidden Immunity Idol. So I don't really have to search. Fun.
19. Joaquin (1/2): Shirin is like a blood-sucking leech that just won't leave you alone and is the most annoying person I think I've ever met in my life. She's like the mosquitoes at night. They just... they're relentless. They're like buzzing in your ear, in your ear, in your ear. And you're just like, “God!”
20. Shirin (2/2): Joaquin was not himself. There was a fury behind what he was saying which is turning out to be pretty great for me because it means he doesn't know how to maneuver at all in this game.
21. Joaquin (2/2): I'm on the outs right now and I can't find this idol. So, I'm going to do whatever is best for me in the long run. Me and Tyler have good rapport. So, I showed him the clue to the Immunity Idol, you know, 'cause that's my boy and he needs to see it.
22. Tyler (2/2): Joaq decided to show me the clue to the Hidden Immunity Idol. On Day 2, just about, Carolyn showed me the idol. But it was important to me that Joaq extend this sign of trust. When you actually show somebody and go that extra mile, there's, um, kind of a unity that comes with it. Even though Joaquin is on the outs, right now I'm really getting along with him, and Shirin's at the point now where crazy is as crazy does. From the nudity, to the talking to the monkeys in the trees, to the incessant talking around camp, I have a strong feeling that if we're to lose this next challenge, Shirin would be absolutely at the top of everyone's list.
23. Mike (1/2): The man that I call dad is the pastor of my church, and he taught me at a very early age that, you know, if you work hard, good things will come to you. So you don't have to tell me to do something because I see that something needs to be done and I just do it. But this Blue Collar tribe, which is supposed to have the best work ethic out of all three tribes, is failing in work ethic, and I feel like Rodney is the worst.
24. Lindsey (1/3): Mike makes his comments and I'm like, “Okay, this is annoying.” Like, watch what you say because you're not the only one busting your ass. We've been doing stuff all morning with no thank you. Blue Collar people in general, we tend to critique other people's work ethics because we think that ours is the best. We think that we know the best way. We think that we work harder. And sometimes it's a difference of one less stick in someone's hand, but at the end of the day, I know in this tribe I have the best work ethic.
25. Rodney (3/4): Rodney's going to do what Rodney is going to want to do, okay. It doesn't matter how much you're busting your ass. This is a social game. Whether you do the most or you do the less, that ain't going to take you to the end. It's keeping everybody happy, man. Just get off my back.
26. Rodney (4/4): Mike's the number one target right now, so I gotta lay low. You know, go back on my-my three C's: my Cool, Calm and Collective and then it'll take me to the promise land.
27. Lindsey (2/3): Mike is being ignorant right now; it's the one thing that I cannot take. And of course, he wants to sit there and fight with me of all people. Like, I know that you have some Bible verse on your back, but that didn't help the fire get tended to.
28. Mike (2/2): I'm not sitting here saying that I'm the best Christian in the world, but I do have a relationship with God. That was very offensive to me. And I mean, honestly, hurt my feelings on a personal level.
29. Lindsey (3/3): Mike always says, “And if that's why you guys want to send me home, then send me home.” Wish come true, (expletive censor). Sorry.
30. Will (2/3): I thought we was at damn boot camp. This was ridiculous. The challenge kicked my ass today. It really did. It kicked my ass. The sad fact is we got to go to another Tribal Council and, uh, I think it's time for Nina to go.
31. Joe (4/4): Man, we were so close today. And I feel a little bit of responsibility 'cause I kind of came up with the strategy and the game plan, and I should have just shut up and let Nina participate. And I feel pretty bad about it because I screwed her over today. And I know Nina doesn't want to go home. No one wants to go home from this game. So she wants to fight, she'll fight.
32. Will (3/3): We blew it again. We tried to make Nina a non-factor, and it cost us. So, back to Tribal Council we go.
33. Nina (3/3): I think tonight's vote is definitely between me and Will. Because the three that are in control right now are Joe, Jenn and Hali, so I need to convince them to vote Will over me.
34. Jenn (4/4): Nina and Will are definitely on borrowed time. Will did not perform in the challenge. It was embarrassing. Plus I still don't really trust him at all. He seems sneaky. But, you, know, Nina, she's a wet blanket on the entire tribe.
35. Hali (2/2): Nina is just so frail and her attitude is not there, but Will is struggling, like, hardcore. Will voted for the wrong person the last Tribal, and now, you know, I don't trust him. I think he's a snake. So my biggest fear moving forward is that Will might do something idiotic and that Jenn and I will have trouble at the merge. So we're between a rock and a hard place right now. Who is going to go home? Will it be Will or Nina?
1. Hali (1/1): Nina saw what was coming to her, finally. Just sent her on home. But it was pretty delightful to come back to camp and see embers in the fire. That was like, a shining hope, you know. We’ve been through the darkest and now we have our embers and we’ve got our fire just blazing.
2. Will (1/2): We are definitely at the make-or-break point for the No Collars. We’ve got the mentality of a strong unit now. This is the unit that we wanted in the beginning, but I got two votes. If we lose the next challenge we go to Tribal Council, I’m gone. Unless I can convince Joe to vote one of the girls, I’m gone.
3. Mike (1/3): We’re still unable to get a fish, which is, uh, breaking my heart a little bit. And we’re not getting chickens, obviously. But, uh, we’ve been seeing a couple of snakes throughout camp, and we have got a snake. Any opportunity to get food, you know your boy from Texas is going to eat it. I don’t care what it is, you know what I mean? Whether it be a scorpion or a snake, it don’t matter.
4. Rodney (1/4): I’m starving right now. I’ll do whatever I can to get protein out here. I am a big dude. I’m probably one of the bigger dudes out here and I gotta do what I gotta do to survive. I’ll eat anything. I’m eating things I never thought I’d eat before. Mike is a loyal Texan. He got me to try snake for the first time. I mean, we had a heated argument earlier in the game. But, I mean, that’s men just being men. Just one fight and get over it.
5. Will (2/2): Oh, my God! Finally we got a win, and today is my 42nd birthday. I’m happy, um, ‘cause, uh, birthdays are always special to me. I never spent a birthday away from my family, and, um... I mean, I know it’s a game, but, uh, they went out of their way to make sure I had a special 42nd birthday, you know? You know, top this birthday off with a little fried chicken. (laughs)
6. Jenn (1/4): Back home I don’t eat meat. I don’t really like hurting animals. I don’t really see the purpose in killing this chicken. It provides us with eggs. But they don’t care. They’re dead set on eating this chicken.
7. Jenn (2/4): Everyone’s at the camp cooking and killing and gutting, whatever-ing the chicken. It really bother me to see that. So I’m out getting firewood. Of course I’m gonna poke and prod around for the idol, but the confidence in finding it is about 10%. Wit no clue, it’s kind of like, a needle is a haystack type of deal, you know? But historically, the Immunity Idol is either, like, in the dry creek bed, like in the wall or something, or it’s going to be in a tree. It’s probably going to be in a tree.
8. Jenn (3/4): The idol is usually in unique-looking trees. Something that makes them stand out a little bit.
9. Jenn (4/4): This is like a dream come true. I did it. I have a Hidden Immunity Idol. This is amazing. I think if I was on the Blue or the White Collar tribe I would be worried because in most seasons of Survivor it’s our people, it’s the No Collars that stir things up and mess up the game. And I can screw up the game so easily with this thing. I guess killing the chicken kind of worked out for me. Winner, winner, chicken dinner.
10. Mike (2/3): The girl, Kel Kel, got knocked in the head today. She ended up getting six stitches. This is one of the toughest girls I’ve seen in a long time, so fitting the stereotype of the blue collar. I have mad respect for that and I feel like we could go really, really far in this game... together.
11. Lindsey (1/1): Rodney thinks that women need to hold themselves to a higher standard than men, which is what’s wrong with so many relationships, because guys think that they have the right to do things that a woman can’t. And it’s hard to live with someone so closely who has such different views because I look at someone like that, and I’m like, “Who raised you?” Like, what type of woman would raise a man to think that?
12. Rodney (2/4): Alright, first of all, Lindsey, she looks like the female Mike Tyson out here. I mean, who the hell gets a tattoo on their damn face unless you got some serious problems? So you can tell she’s got some serious problems having a Mike Tyson tattoo. All I was trying to say was that I think girls should hold themselves to a higher standard than men. Men are dogs but we want angels. That’s how me and my boys are, man. I may not be an angel but when I settle down I want to find one.
13. Rodney (3/4): So, I gotta go back to my 3 C’s of Cool, Calm and Collective. Because I can’t be a hothead in this game, ‘cause that would send me out too. And that’s who I am. I’m-I’m a hothead.
14. Shirin (1/1): I’m kind of thrilled that we didn’t win the whole chicken package just because I knew that that was going to be yet another White Collar nightmare. I know that none of my guys have ever slaughtered any kind of an animal, let alone a chicken.
15. Joaquin (1/1): Shirin says that she slaughtered a bunny rabbit. I was like, “Oh, really?” The first thing that came to my mind was like, oh, sociopaths, you know, first thing they start doing is, you know, killing small animals. She probably started with a mouse at like, fourteen. You know, she’s at a rabbit right now by twenty-nine. It’s just insane how she tries to like, justify her psychotic ways, you know. I was like, “Alright psycho, you stay over there.”
16. Carolyn (1/2): Max is pitching “I really don’t think we should sit out Shirin because it will upset her.” Are you kidding me?! On the spectrum of crazy, I think both Max and Shirin are very close to ten.
17. Carolyn (2/2): Max wants to be the cult leader of our tribe. Shirin goes naked because Max goes naked. She would drink his Kool-Aid. Very dangerous. Very, very dangerous.
18. Sierra (1/1): In this challenge, Rodney was the factor that slowed us down. He got stuck and looked at me like a lost puppy. My horses are much smarter than Rodney, especially when it’s competition day. And for me, it’s not even in the challenges but in camp life, it’s Rodney’s who’s got to go.
19. Mike (3/3): This loss could be exactly what the Blue tribe needed. You do not know who your true alliance is until Jeff is reading those names.
20. Dan (1/2): There’s two ways to listen to people in this world, you can listen like a guy, or you can listen like a girl. When you listen like a guy, you try to solve the problem because that’s what we do, we want to fix things. When you listen like a girl, you empathize, you just nod your head and agree. You just smile and nod. “Yes, dear. I understand. You are right.”
21. Dan (2/2): I am so much smarter than I look.
22. Rodney (4/4): I’m the leader. I’m going to be the leader no matter what. I’m the Tom Brady here. If I step on the field, right, all business aside, I’m Tom Brady out here. So what’s going on right now, is me, Dan, Kelly, and Mike… we’re a strong four. So bye bye, Lindsey. Anything you do, you gotta be a smooth criminal like Michael Jackson, baby.
23. Kelly (1/3): Rodney should not be so flamboyant about Lindsey going. He could be the next to go, too. So it is funny to watch him.
24. Kelly (2/3): Mike and I are definitely together. And Mike does not trust Rodney, and I don’t trust Rodney either.
25. Kelly (3/3): Lindsey and Rodney clash. They both have attitudes, they both wanna be the boss. And Lindsey was kind of bitchy about how she’s going about it. Mike and I are in a good position tonight to go with either the girls or the guys. We can vote for Rodney or we can vote for Lindsey. Tonight is going to be huge. Someone’s going home and somebody’s going to be pissed off. But I know it’s not me.
1. Mike (1/5): Tribal went exactly as our alliance planned. I’m 100% happy with the decision that we made tonight. I’m not happy about Sierra being cut off and alienated from the tribe.
2. Sierra (1/4): Not only did I just lose my closest alliance, but to come back and get attacked for the player that I am… that’s tough. At this point, I can’t trust these people.
3. Rodney (1/1): Sierra’s out there crying and guess what? I really don’t care. You wrote my name down. So it’s time for you to get over it ‘cause only the strong survive, brother. If you can’t do this, take your bags, pack ‘em and take your ass home now.
4. Mike (2/5): What I would really like nothing more than to pull Sierra back in. But I don’t think that she’ll ever trust us.
5. Sierra (2/4): There’s a switch up which I’m really excited about. I’m gonna go in and I’m gonna find new alliances because my tribe is absolutely dead to me. Dead.
6. Sierra (3/4): I feel like my old tribe are crappy people and had to pretend that I was excited when I saw I was with three of them. But I have three new people and I’m gonna find new alliances. It’s a whole different ballgame.
7. Kelly (1/3): No way this could not be happening right now. I am the only one from my tribe that has gone over to the other tribe. You just spent 11 Days building these alliances and now you’re starting over. I am definitely scared to death.
8. Carolyn (1/3): When we got the word that we were switching teams, I was so excited. And I open it up (looks in disbelief) and I’m with Max and Shirin. What is the Survivor gods trying to kill me?
9. Hali (1/3): So we got three No Collars, three White Collars, and one Blue Collar-- Kelly. So it’s like immediately like, “Okay, we got to get Kelly on our side.” But I wanted things to be slow and feel people out because our camp is so laid back. Our No Collar camp, like, we can sit back and watch and our plan just comes to us.
10. Shirin (1/3): I know this game really well. Not just the historical facts, but strategy. We got three No Collar, three White Collar, and one Blue Collar. I am in one of the power trios, so the simplest route is to stick with White Collar and pull over the Blue Collar.
11. Kelly (2/3): I am an undercover cop and this is like going into a house to buy drugs from people you totally don’t even know. You have to start talking, you have to start building their trust. You don’t have time to wait because your life depends on it. But this isn’t as bad as I thought. Maybe I will be in a good position right now because now I’m the swing vote.
12. Shirin (2/3): I talked to Kelly, threw a little bit of bait… she bit and then we just solidified something. It was very wink wink, hush hush, we’ll talk more later but yes.
13. Mike (3/5): The new Escameca is basically four Blue Collar, two White Collar, and one No Collar. We got the majority. So the numbers couldn’t have worked out better in our favor. But with Dan and Rodney cutting into Sierra last night, it definitely has a little bit cause of concern. These three guys could woo Sierra over. I’m gonna have to make sure she doesn’t get too close to somebody and her mind get mixed up and then swayed over to the other side.
14. Joaquin (1/1): Rodney’s gone through a lot of struggles, but, uh, his mind’s straight just like a bunch of my friends back home. I’m gonna feel them out for the rest of the night. Trying to learn as much as possible about them and work ‘em like-like I’ve been working everybody on my last tribe.
15. Tyler (1/1): Sierra seems to be kind of the broken puppy. These things are good. As I've always said, “Bring me your poor, your tired, your huddled Survivors.” Like, I want the broken people to come with me and be on my tribe.
16. Mike (4/5): I see Sierra talking with the three guys, which makes me a little bit nervous because if Joe, Joaquin and Tyler can flip Sierra, then it's me and Dan and Rodney on the outskirts. We need her as a number. 'Cause in this game of Survivor, if you do not have the numbers, you go home.
17. Jenn (1/4): The chick with the long hair, I don't know her name, but I don't like her. I don't know. I just don't like her. Maybe it's her voice. I haven't even been around her for twelve hours and I know most of her life and I know things that I never wanted to know. She hasn't stopped talking since we got here. It's driving me insane. Like, “Just shut up, man.” Like, “Just sit.”
18. Max (1/5): I today was stung by a stingray, not once, but twice. So I hobbled in off the beach, I've got blood pouring out of my feet. Fortunately for me, we have a former lifeguard on the tribe. Jenn immediately sprung into action. She took a pot of boiling water that was meant for drinking, pulled it from the fire and said, “Put your feet in there and don't take them out.”
19. Max (2/5): Sitting there with my feet in scalding water, I suddenly forgot that I had throbbing animal inflicted wounds because my feet were on fire from the boiling water that they were sitting in.
20. Hali (2/3): So Max sticks both of his feet in our drinking water pot. It's been like an hour they're soaking and then he lifts his foot up. He's got a plantar's wart the size of a quarter in our drinking water. I'm like, “Max, warts are contagious. That's disgusting.” Anyone who would stick their warty feet in the tribe's drinking water for hours when we're thirsty has his mind on one person, himself, and his stingray feet. It was disgusting!
21. Carolyn (2/3): Max and Shirin are so annoying. And they may think it's three and three, No Collar against, uh, White Collar... not happening. So I'm thinking, “Alright, Carolyn, patience is a virtue. Don't go crazy, but to blindside them would be so sweet.” You just can't even imagine.
22. Mike (5/5): Dan, just listen to what I'm telling you. “Shut your mouth, apologize and let's move forward.”
23. Dan (1/1): Dude, you're half my age, okay! I have talked to so many more girls than you have, it's silly. Dude, dude, I got Sierra. I got this.
24. Sierra (4/4): If you're sorry, you don't go into an apology saying, “I'm sorry that I made you feel that way, but you did it to me. So like, that's why.” It was the crappiest apology I've ever received in my life. I have two separate alliances coming at me saying, “We need you as our fourth.” I want to go where I'm wanted, and I don't think that's with the Blue Collars.
25. Max (3/5): The hardest thing about that challenge for me was not smiling too big after we lost it. I'm really happy to go to Tribal Council and change the dynamic around my camp.
26. Max (4/5): I'm kind of very excited to get on with the game Survivor. It's the blindsides, it's the double crossing... that's really what I signed on for. And finally I'm going to have another chance to get to do it tonight.
27. Jenn (2/4): I've seen every season of Survivor. And I'm a huge fan of the game, but Max knows every little detail about everything that's ever happened on Survivor. It's crazy. Like, why do you know this much? Why do you like, remember like, little det... It's like people that remember like the '96 Bulls game against the Heat on like, October 13th or what-whenever basketball happens.
28. Hali (3/3): Tribal tonight, it'll come down to Kelly 'cause she's a swing vote between No Collar and White Collar. So Kelly being the swing vote is in the power position.
29. Max (5/5): We came into the mix up with a classic Survivor split. Three No Collars, three White Collars and Kelly from the Blue Collar tribe in the middle. White Collar was most aggressive about pursuing Kelly as that crucial swing vote. Uh, Shirin was doing a lot of hard work up front. And I feel pretty confident that we were able to secure her.
30. Shirin (3/3): At the end of the day, we've got all the brains over here, we've got skinny girls which are great for so many challenges, we've got great swimmers over here. Will can't do any of those things. And I think without him, we actually have a really strong chance of winning. I'm pretty sure I'm in the power seat tonight. I'm pretty sure I'm the one who orchestrated everything that's going down. I'm the one that decided it's going to be Will. So... Does it impact me all that much? Not really.
31. Carolyn (3/3): On paper Kelly looks like the swing vote, and Max and Shirin think I'm 100% in with them, but I-I'm a swing vote, you know. I can take that power away from Kelly and be four strong with the No Collars and we're good to go. So I think a fabulous blindside may be in the making.
32. Jenn (3/4): I'm excited because it sounds like everyone hates most of the White Collars. No one can stand Max. No one can stand Shirin. And we have Carolyn. So we have the numbers and we'll control the game.
33. Kelly (3/3): The No Collar tribe, they're tight. Carolyn's not tight with the White Collar. So it wouldn't benefit me to st-stay with Shirin and Max.
34. Will (1/1): The debate tonight is between Max and Shirin-- Who is the most annoying? I think it's about neck and neck, because, um, neither one of them will shut up and they, and they won't stop strategizing. They will just go off by the fire and leave us and just strategize, strategize, strategize.
35. Jenn (4/4): Who is more annoying? Max or Shirin? It's exactly like a horse race. “Is it Shirin? No, here comes Max with his foot wart. Oh but here comes Shirin with her little annoying whatever is about Survivor. Oh, but here's Max again. Who's going to get voted out tonight? Who's the most annoying?” I don't know! We'll see! We'll find out tonight at Tribal!
1. Shirin (1/5): Tribal Council was shocking for me. Max was a friend of mine and my closest ally in this game. And I was totally blindsided and it's a little bit of a heartbreaker.
2. Shirin (2/5): Is anybody left in this game willing to play with me? 'Cause I don't think so. And that's a sad realization. Like, is that something about me and about my personality? I mean, what do I have to change?
3. Shirin (3/5): It's really hard for me because I constantly find myself in this game in a position that's analogous to where I grew up. I grew up in a rich Orange County suburb where the majority of my classmates were beautiful and skinny, and I stood out for not being any of those things. And I constantly felt like I was fighting for people to like me, and like, I was fighting for people to see the good qualities in me. And I think there's probably a lot of this scenario tapping into that. What I'm trying to do now, what I was incapable of doing back then, which is deal with it, adapt, fix it.
4. Rodney (1/7): I've been on this beach with the same people telling the same garbage over and over and over again. It's absolutely miserable. I was hoping in the switch up, so I could get some new energy, maybe get matched up with some people that I know are like me. I was so happy that Joaq was one of those new faces. 'Cause let's face it, ain't nobody connecting with the East Coast kid. You got one guy who's a Bible bumper from Texas, a hick from Maine, you got another one who is from Utah. I feel like, I've been waiting for some type of connection in this game, you know what I mean? I was looking for maybe a little bromance, maybe a homey to chill with.
5. Rodney (2/7): Joaquin right now, he's a potential dude I can work with. We're both about girls, we're both about having fun, you know, partying, not settling down.
6. Rodney (3/7): I'm gonna be Batman, he can be Robin. And I'm gonna have to screw some people over eventually, but in the meantime, ain't nobody know what I'm doing. So all the fools out there who think I'm dumb, and “Oh, look at this dude. He talks like an idiot,” wait til you see what I got planned for this game.
7. Shirin (4/5): Winning the reward is huge for me because that gives me the chance to bond with these people better. At this point, I kind of have to 'cause my butt is on the line.
8. Hali (1/1): Winning the reward was beautiful. It was like David and the Goliath, like, all you need was to put a slingshot in our hand and we took down that giant. And then, as if that weren't enough, extra special macaroni and cheese, tons of beef stew. I felt like my first child was born, like, that's how excited I was about this reward.
9. Carolyn (1/1): Being the underdogs that we are, we were down and out and then we picked ourselves up and we won. The team is definitely gelling, even Shirin... we're tolerating her at this point.
10. Shirin (5/5): The reward was certainly really good for me. I was super excited to bond over a meal and maybe even all get sick together, which didn't happen. And getting to look for turtles from the beach, it gave me a chance to connect with them on a human level and that's like, my best shot at staying in the game right now. And I think we all did that. And I think we all had a magical time together.
11. Jenn (1/2): The turtle guide told us how the sea turtles haul their giant selves up this beach, dig a hole, lay a hundred some odd eggs, and then like, only one of those eggs maybe will make it to the ocean.
12. Jenn (2/2): It was really awesome. I was fascinated but also like, it made me realize the turtle's chances in life are way worse odds than me winning Survivor. See, I have a one in fourteenth chance at a million dollars, as opposed to a one in a hundredth chance at living, so that's cool.
13. Joaquin (1/2): I'm so excited. I walked in here and these Blue Collars, you know, they were in shambles. And Sierra, she was the odd woman out, which is perfect. So it's basically like, “Here you go, Joaquin. You got all of the ammunition.” It's like an easy layup for me.
14. Sierra (1/4): I feel like the people from my old tribe just suck, and I don't trust them. So my biggest connection at this point is with Joaquin. He makes me feel comfortable. He looks to me straight in the eye. He's like one of my bros from home. He's also tight with Tyler, and those two seem to be the most trustworthy people I've met to date. However, Joaquin's tight with Rodney, who is just awful. And I just don't know if I can play this game with him.
15. Rodney (4/7): Sierra got mad at me because I said some bad things about her. But guess what? This is a game. Tables turn and time heals all. And in order to win this game, I gotta put myself in the best position and look at the numbers.
16. Rodney (5/7): If it's me, Joaquin, Sierra and Tyler all on the same page, and when the time comes, I can flip and take over this entire game. At this point, I'm in a great position. I've got so many numbers it's not even funny. I'm feeling so confident that I-I can see my hand being raised like Rocky Balboa winning this damn thing at the end.
17. Rodney (6/7): This is my idea that I presented to Mike: if we throw the next immunity and we get Joe out of this game before we go to the merge, who do we gotta deal with?
18. Mike (1/2): Rodney and his great vast plan of, “Oh, I'm such a... an amazing strategist and I'm so good at this game,” thinks we should throw a challenge so we can get rid of Joe. Very rarely in the game of Survivor does it work out in your favor to throw challenges. But in this particular instance, I think we have a very special situation. My real alliance is with Kelly, who poor girl is on the other side all by herself. But I think Kelly's a fighter, enough that she'll find a way to make it to the merge, especially if we can throw a couple challenges and keep her safe.
19. Kelly (1/1): When I knew Mike was throwing the challenge and helping me out, that was the first time in my life I think I totally ever trusted somebody wholeheartedly, like, they got my back. And I can't wait to get back with my Blue Collar tribe, where I belong.
20. Mike (2/2): By throwing the challenge today, a little something inside of me died in this game. I'm not going to lie to you. But here's the deal, I'm starting to not trust Rodney. Joaquin is just crafting Rodney in every second, more and more. And in this game, whenever you start showing that you're too close to anybody, you become a power couple. And the power couples have to be split up before they can start making power moves.
21. Rodney (7/7): Today at the challenge, we came to do one thing and one thing only and that was to blow it and mission accomplished. Mike looked like an absolute idiot, which was hilarious, but it worked out perfectly. And now we're gonna get Joe out of here, man. He-he's a threat, so he's going home now.
22. Joaquin (2/2): I'm so excited. Honestly, at first I thought it was me and Tyler against the world, but now Rodney is my right hand guy. And then, uh, Sierra owes me one. I took her out of this (expletive censor) situation where she was like, the one to go. So, you know, Joe's definitely going home and it should be a walk in the park from now on.
23. Joe (1/2): I was hoping to reach out to Tyler and Joaquin, but they don't talk to me at all. I thought the three of us could work together, but it seems that they're gunning for me, so I'm kind of screwed.
24. Joe (2/2): At this point, my options are limited. So, you know, you have to make the best of the worst scenario and hope it works out.
25. Dan (1/1): At this point, Joe is with us. Unfortunately, Sierra and I definitely hit a rough patch. I blew it. Hands down. No excuses. No getting around it. I screwed up. And now we need to bring her back into the fold.
26. Sierra (2/4): At this point, I have two separate alliances saying, “Come with us, we'll take care of you.” And it's nice, it's refreshing to have people want me. However, to have my old tribe hurt me so bad and now say they need me, it makes me sick to my stomach.
27. Sierra (3/4): I hate Dan. And at this point, I'm just very angry. The Blue Collars, they don't care about me. They're not going to keep me around. They're just using me for the moment.
28. Sierra (4/4): At this point, yes, I'm playing both sides. Like, I don't know, not only who to trust, but who is going to be better in the long run. You can choose one path and it might take me to the final three. You never know. And I still, at this point, do not know which route I'm going to take. But either way, it could change the whole game.
1. Tyler (1/5): Tonight I experienced my first blindside. Myself and Rodney and Joaquin were completely bamboozled by the other guys, so I'm on the bottom. Despite all the troubles the Blue Collar tribe seems to be having, they sure voted with a lot of symmetry tonight.
2. Mike (1/7): I knew by the look on Rodney's face that he was pissed and there had to be some damage control done. This is the second time that we have had to have one of our members on the out because they were too close to the situation. Anytime that you blindside somebody, it can cause a big rift in this game. So... hopefully, he doesn't take it too personal.
3. Rodney (1/7): I feel like I just got played. I'm really pissed off right now. I just see Mike emerge as a hardcore leader, saying he's worried about me. Yo, don't worry about what I'm doing. Worry about yourself, okay. You think I was going to get trapped in a... in a bromance? This game is about numbers. You should know better. You go behind my back? Keep me on the outskirts? Like I don't know what I'm doing. Disrespectful.
4. Rodney (2/7): Now all of a sudden I gotta be Mike's bitch until I get to the merge. I mean, what else do I gotta do now? The people who did me wrong today are going to pay in the future.
5. Kelly (1/3): If today is the merge... Hallelujah! I will be smiling from ear to ear. I'm the only one that did not make it to the switch with the Blue Collar tribe. So yes, when I came to this tribe, I had to go deep undercover to make them believe that I am going to be with them, but I'm definitely with the Blue Collar all the way to the end.
6. Rodney (3/7): So we're walking into a challenge and there was nothing there. You see another tribe coming your way, we're going this way, there's no Jeff. That means, I guess, we're both are merged. Meeting all your new tribemates, it was like heaven. And the first thing I was thinking was strategy. Let me get my mind right and see what I can do to piece together to put myself ahead in this game.
7. Tyler (2/5): My entire future has changed. I've got new-found hope that I'm no longer on the bottom of something and that I can go out and test the waters with the people that I've never met before. It's whole new life and it smells so sweet.
8. Dan (1/3): It's merge time, baby. That means food! We got food! We got a big crate of food!
9. Hali (1/2): I just felt like a Greek goddess when all of that was laid out. And this is like, give me the grapes. I'm in heaven.
10. Carolyn (1/4): It's clear that anyone who has a strong bond with one other person is not going to make it. Tyler and I have been together since Day 3. He's the only one who I told that I have the idol. So I trust him. But we're not going to be a pair that anybody knows about. You cannot show any strong bond at all or you'll be out of here. Game on, baby.
11. Dan (2/3): So we've merged and we've all got arms full of stuff from the food that we didn't eat and we walk back into camp. We're all excited to show them, you know, what our camp looked like... and it's gone!
12. Carolyn (2/4): Are you kidding me? I mean, it was rough. This was like Day 1 all over again. And we were like, “No!”
13. Mike (2/7): Now it's one tribe, and we're left with the responsibility of making a new world for ourselves. One people, battling it out for a million dollars.
14. Kelly (2/3): So here I am now, we're merged. It feels amazing, yes! I'm home, like I feel like a weight off my shoulders. I'm Blue Collar all the way. Mike and I are like one. He's like a family member. So Mike and I are definitely the tightest out here.
15. Mike (3/7): Right now strategy-wise, it looks like the five Blue are still strong. So all we gotta do is pull two and we run numbers in this game. But we'll see how it all plays out because who knows who's really together and who's really forming new bonds at this point.
16. Jenn (1/3): I don't trust Kelly at all. I haven't since the beginning. I knew she'd go back to the Blue Collars. So now all I have to do is try to grab all the White Collars and get out the Blue Collars 'cause I'd rather play with White Collar than Blue Collar at this point.
17. Joe (1/1): You know, I dodged a bullet the night before, and the Blues saved me. But I was really excited to see all three of my tribemates because in my gut I trust the No Collars.
18. Rodney (4/7): When they voted out Joaquin, I felt extremely disrespected by these Blues. So now I'm looking at it like this: let me get some numbers and get out the three who screwed me over in the beginning.
19. Rodney (5/7): I kept it real with Will from the jump. I was the first one that came to him, “Bro, come to my family, man. I got your back.”
20. Rodney (6/7): I'm always riding with numbers, baby. So I'm gonna have four people to ride on against Sierra, Dan and Mike, and then I'm gonna slowly chop their heads off and I'm gonna have the numbers. So if I can build these bonds... hey, looking beautiful for Rodney, isn't it? 	
21. Carolyn (3/4): As soon as we got on the beach, Rodney he's like, “final four, it's us. We're-we're-we're tight, we're going to go there.” In his plan, he's got me, Will, Kelly and Rodney final four. The thing is, he's still a Blue, and he's still going to vote with them. But it's nice to hear that I'm wanted in a final four.
22. Carolyn (4/4): I have the No Collars on my side right now and Tyler is telling me that we should go with Blue Collars. So I'm kind of smack in the middle now. Tyler and I will kind of decide which way we want to go going forward.
23. Dan (3/3): So I was going take a morning dip, and I got bit by something. I wasn't sure what it was, whether it was stingray or jelly fish. It felt like I got sliced. But you know, I am way smarter and way tougher than I look. I'm not going anywhere.
24. Mike (4/7): Our tribe Merica, it's kind of fitting because you have the White Collar, you have the No Collar and obviously the best, the Blue Collars. We're all part of the melting pot which makes America so great. So... that's our tribe name, Merica.
25. Hali (2/2): So I love our tribe name so much 'cause I'm going to be a criminal defense attorney, and, as a criminal defense attorney, you are part of the Constitution. And I just think that like, the Constitution is the greatest blueprint for government that was ever devised. And I really believe in it. It's like a religion of America.
26. Shirin (1/2): Oh, my goodness. We have the worst tribe name in Survivor history. We didn't go for America, we dropped the “A” and went for Merica. Like a bunch of redneck idiots who don't know what our own country's name is. I'm horrified and embarrassed. And Mr. Texas himself, Mike, is so proud of this name. I think even Sarah Palin-- all kinds of crazy crap comes out of her mouth, right? I have never heard that woman call America... Merica!
27. Mike (5/7): The game plan at this point is to run the game all the way to the end with the Blue Collars. We've got some numbers to knock out Joe being at the top of that list, but I definitely need Rodney as numbers right now. So if I gotta do Rodney maintenance, I'll go do Rodney maintenance.
28. Rodney (7/7): Love Mike to death but he vote out my boy Joaquin. If my tribe would of just stuck to the script, got rid of Joe, we'd be sitting so pretty right now. I'm putting on my hustle pants right now. I'm gonna let Mike quarterback it. When the game matters, I'm gonna come in full-fledged Tom Brady fourth quarter, about to make this one epic. Then I'm gonna cut his head off.
29. Jenn (2/3): Joe won immunity. That's awesome. So the plan I want to enact today is to get the No Collars, get the White Collars and, you know, then take out the actual threats-- the Blue Collars.
30. Mike (6/7): Of course, the golden boy, Joe, wins the first individual immunity. So we gotta switch the plan. I'm thinking in my head, “Why not let's switch it to vote out Jenn or Hali?” I mean, we broke up a power couple and the five Blue Collars are still running this game.
31. Mike (7/7): Rodney thinks he's got Will, but I don't trust Will at this point. We're telling Will to write down Hali's name and, uh, the rest of us write down Jenn. When I see Hali's name written down tonight, then I'll know I can trust Will.
32. Will (1/1): Since Joe won immunity, they're trying to vote off Hali now. My choices are either stay with my tribe No Collars, and try to convince the White Collars to go with us, or join Blue Collar. I mean, that's a huge risk. When you're merging with twelve people, it's kind of tough to know who you can trust. So I think this first vote is going to determine who's loyal and who's not.
33. Kelly (3/3): White Collar are the swing votes tonight. Carolyn and I, when we merged the first time together with Nagarote, she was with the White Collar and I was, you know, obviously the only Blue Collar there. We bonded really quickly. She doesn't like the No Collar tribe. So I think she bonds better with the Blue Collars. So I think Carolyn will definitely be an asset.
34. Shirin (2/2): This group of Blue Collars has shown that even though they all hate each other, they will vote together. And there's five of them. And there's only four No Collar. And we've got three White Collars as swing votes. If Blue Collar wins the vote tonight, I'm afraid that Blue Collar will have the vote until the end of the game. So right now I'm swinging No Collar.
35. Tyler (3/5): I don't know what I'm going to do yet, but I have options and options are always a fantastic thing to have, especially when I thought just a few days ago that I was the next guy going home.
36. Tyler (4/5): The original tribes are definitely sticking together. It seems to be Blue versus No Collar.
37. Tyler (5/5): I can go either way. Either I'll go with No Collar and go after Kelly or go with Blue Collar and target Jenn. So, right now Carolyn and I are the swing votes. We've been tight since Day 1. Wherever we go will change this game dramatically.
38. Jenn (3/3): No one thinks I have an idol, so if I get, uh, an inkling that things aren't going to go as we plan on getting out Kelly, I'll just play my idol. I'd rather not use my idol when there's still twelve people left in the game. I'd rather use it when there's five people left in the game, but I don't know how Tribal's gonna go. I'm terrified. No Collar is together 100% and we plan on staying that way as far as I know. Blue Collar, seems like they're sticking together, too. But I think anything can happen tonight. I have no idea what to do.
1. Rodney (1/6): Seeing Kelly go, it absolutely... it broke my heart. It shouldn't been like that. I'm-I'm really mad about that bec... and I, and I kinda put it on Mike. Mike is the leader who changed up the vote. It was supposed to be Hali and at the last second he changed it to Jenn to test Will's trust. Mike's an idiot redneck. Straight up.
2. Rodney (2/6): You got Mama C Carol, me, Will, Tyler, all of us on board. You know, I-I do love my Blues, but you could be witnessing some very interesting stuff when it gets down to seven.
3. Jenn (1/1): I knew they were going to vote for me so I played my idol. Then Kelly went home. Joe, Hali, Shirin and I were stoked, just stoked. And the rest of the tribe was, like, mouth open, like, shocked and sad, “Oh, poor Kelly!” Who gives a (expletive censor)? I thought it was great. The No Collars are back in town, and we're ready to win. I love to mess with the other alliance. I believe there's still fun to be had, a little things to screw up for everyone else. I mean, I want to, like, mess with things while I can because it provides me with entertainment.
4. Rodney (3/6): Ever since Joe and his stooges came over here, they run the food. They portion out the food. But you know what? Any time I get mad, I'm just gonna walk away, maybe punch a tree or something and then come back in there with the fresh, you know, cool, calm and collective mind state.
5. Rodney (4/6): The way I grew up, respect is not given, it's earned. So out here it's tough for me to... to be a fugazi. And I don't... I don't... I don't be fake. You know, I gotta respect you in order to give you respect. And if I don't respect you, you're gonna know it.
6. Rodney (5/6): Shereece, Sherry, whatever her name is, is the most pointless person in this game. She shouldn't even be here. Nobody can stand her. But at the end of the day, we're running the game. We got seven and they're four. The game is pretty much over for them. We just gotta weed out all the garbage.
7. Mike (1/8): Joe winning this reward was devastating because probably getting a clue to the Hidden Immunity Idol on the reward. The kid's amazing, man. I don't know how I'm gonna beat him. So this is where the rubber meets the road.
8. Joe (1/4): I won reward, and it felt fantastic, floating over the jungle. You know, I've never been zip lining before and, oh, my goodness, it was so much fun. It was myself, Carolyn, Tyler, Will and Shirin.
9. Shirin (1/3): I just couldn't believe my luck. I got to go zip lining with Carolyn and I'm like, “Dang it! I don't like her and don't want her to eat pizza and have a cool adventure.”
10. Carolyn (1/1): Oh, my God! I was so excited! There's watermelon and pizza and soda. But if you look at it, Joe's pick was kind of interesting because he picked no Blue Collar because obviously the Blue Collars are out to get him. I was happy about it. Smart move.
11. Joe (2/4): I looked over and I thought I saw something in Carolyn's bottle of soda. I grabbed it and as soon as I looked inside, I saw that there was a note in the bottom. And I tried to just chug it and put it in my mouth. But I saw Tyler look over at me. Tyler saw me so I'm trying to figure out our plan to, you know, read it together, what we're going to do.
12. Tyler (1/4): Out of the corner of my eye I saw Joe almost choke on an Immunity Idol clue. I could have outed him right then and there. But I sat on it. I was silent. I just figured, the clue was something that definitely opens up new options. If Joe finds the Immunity Idol, that also opens up new options.
13. Joe (3/4): It wasn't even barely twilight and Tyler was wide awake, I think waiting for me to get up. (laughs) So, you know, I'm gonna share the clue to the Hidden Immunity Idol with Tyler and that's going to make him and I close now and bonded.
14. Mike (2/8): I'm actually sitting in the chair with my eyes halfway open to see what's going on, acting like I'm sleeping. Joe and Tyler get up and go around the corner. They bring the dishes like they're going down the river. I knew today was going to be a mad dash because I figured there was a Hidden Immunity Idol clue at the reward. The whole time I'm tracking them down the beach from tree to tree. I'm like Spy vs. Spy. I'm jumping in bushes. I'm climbing up this tree. I'm peeking through the leaves, you know, trying to stay camouflaged where they can't see me.
15. Mike (3/8): Why would Joe be showing Tyler a Hidden Immunity Idol clue?! Unless he's trying to woo him over!
16. Tyler (2/4): Joe reads the clue and within moments Mike is upon us. I didn't know what he saw. He could have seen me reading the clue with Joe. I got to be very, very careful about alienating the group that I am in. So what do I tell Mike?
17. Tyler (3/4): I told him about what the clue read. Thus begun a mad dash trying to find where Joe is and Mike was leading the pack of insanity.
18. Mike (4/8): Joe just takes off by himself. He's out looking for the idol right now. Well no one else... is watching Joe. I gotta find Joe before he finds the idol so that... (deep sigh) we can send this guy home and it's not me. Because I honestly feel that once Joe is out of the game, if I don't have something in my back pocket, I'm the next one to go home. So, going to look for Joe.
19. Mike (5/8): Sure enough, I roll up and I find Joe, and it dawns on me that I want a bigger target on Joe's back. Boom! I didn't see him grab an idol. I didn't see him put an idol in his pocket. So I head to the river.
20. Mike (6/8): I just basically screamed out, “Hey, man. Good job on finding the idol.” He tries to play it off and, you know, I'm not gonna let him play it off. Like, I'm going to say that I believe that he found it, that I saw him put it in his pocket. The whole nine.
21. Joe (4/4): Mike, uh, comes over, “Oh, you dog. I can't believe you got it,” you know, “Blah, Blah, Blah.” Ah! Yeah, Mike kind of spoiled my plan.
22. Dan (1/2): Shanini, or whatever her name is... I can't remember her damn name because she annoys me so much! Somebody slap this woman! For the love of God just slap her and shut her up already! Dear God in heaven, do us all a favor! I cannot wait til her torch goes out.
23. Shirin (2/3): Dan just tries to rip me apart. He just flings insult after insult at me. And I actually felt sorry for Dan, and so I just kinda sat back and thought, “What else?”
24. Mike (7/8): I've been running around looking for this idol all day, and, uh, I'm down to a little termite nest trying to get a little bit of, uh, sustenance in my belly. Help me keep going looking for this idol. Still no luck finding the idol for Mike. This is such a mind-beating exhausting game. It's tough. It's a tough part of the game. But I got to find it, have to find it. So... I got work to do. This is not an easy task. Don't think you're going to come out here and you're just going to find an idol and it's that easy because you can't. You have to keep searching, keep looking in every nook, every cranny. People who find idols in this game are the people who are working hardest in this game.
25. Mike (8/8): This is what we do, baby. We do the happy dance. We do the happy dance. Are you kidding me right now? You're feeling like everything's going against you, you keep digging within yourself, when you have nothing left. And this, this right here, this is what you find. And you know what? Not going to share it, because I need that protection for myself and right now I have a chance to get rid of Joe. So if Joe doesn't win individual immunity, Joe has to go. And that's just plain and simple.
26. Rodney (6/6): Joe won. All he does is win challenges. Like, he's a prototypical All-American white boy. Who wouldn't want him to win Survivor? So if it was for my decision, Joaquin would have made it. We wouldn't even be dealing with this drama. We'd just be sitting back eating rice and beans. Right now, we gotta run around and hustle because of decisions that Mike made.
27. Shirin (3/3): Today I got handed an Immunity Challenge on a silver platter with puzzles, and Joe wins. Joe wins everything. I mean, I would love to win a challenge. That'd be like a life achievement for me. But at this point everybody thinks that I'm, like, so not a threat, like, I'm so weak in every way, and I hope that buys me a few extra days in this game. I'm not too concerned.
28. Dan (2/2): If all camps have an idol, where is White Collars? Carolyn and Tyler seem very confident that Shirin does not have the idol. Probably because she hasn't said anything about it. And I don't think her game is good enough to keep her mouth shut. I don't know, maybe it is, you know? Maybe she's, uh, you know, an idiot savant. I'm leaning more towards the idiot side.
29. Sierra (1/1): Getting rid of Dan would be amazing. He said some very hurtful, unnecessary things being a grown man and I haven't forgave him for it. So to hear everyone else feel the same way about Dan makes me feel a lot better because it reiterates to me that I'm not crazy. But we need another vote. My initial Blue Collar alliance is going to go for a girl, but is that really what I want to do? Because I want girls in the end. So I have to decide do I want to go with the girls or do I want to stick to my Blue Collar alliance?
30. Hali (1/1): I like the dynamics of us girls just banding together. Together we can make each other stronger. And if Sierra is going to flip tonight, we need another vote to get Dan out. You go misogynistic on the girls, girls are going to take you out, Dan.
31. Tyler (4/4): Some of these guys in my alliance are big threats. I want nothing more than to target Mike and Dan. I'm hoping just to strike before Blue Collar even knows what hits them.
1. Shirin (1/6): I am definitely on the wrong side of the numbers, but the hope is that Blue Collar will start fracturing sooner rather than later, because I still think that I can go to the end. But the only way I'm going to get to the end is by taking big risks. And the big question is: are any of them willing to make a move against the others? And if they are, I will benefit from that. So all I can do is shake things up.
2. Rodney (1/2): I don't agree with Dan when he said, “Flippers don't win the game.” Flippers win the game at the right time with a proper blindside. They think I'm Blue 'til I die... I ain't Blue with nobody. I got my boys back home. I don't need new-- no more friends. What I need is zeros in my back account. So, guess what? Rodney is gonna take down the Blues. Mike, Sierra and Dan, they ain't gonna see it coming. I'm just waiting for my time, waiting for my moment, and I'm gonna, uh, hit 'em with a Mike Tyson knock-out punch.
3. Shirin (2/6): Jenn was so close with Hali, and now she doesn't want to be here. I don't harbor any resentment towards Jenn wanting to quit this game, wanting to leave this game because I completely understand why she dislikes these people. But for selfish reasons, I don't want Jenn to go 'cause I want to stay in this game and I want to go far. So... because of the position that I find myself in right now, I need to prove myself to gain a new alliance.
4. Mike (1/5): Pulling Shirin in, 'cause no one would think that I would pull her in, is a perfect strategy to get rid of some of these other threats that are in this game.
5. Mike (2/5): Shirin's smart enough to realize that there's a group within our group. Well, I see it. You can't hide. There's only ten people here.
6. Shirin (3/6): The biggest thing right now is to hitch my vote onto somebody else's game plan and just go along with whatever they say for next vote. But once I'm in and once people trust me, maybe I'm not in the driver's seat right away, but I'm in the passenger seat back-seat driving.
7. Sierra (1/1): We walk up to a chocolate bar. Just bars, bars, bars of chocolate. There was Snickers, Twix, every color of M&M'S, big Dove candy, hundreds of candy bars. It was amazing.
8. Mike (3/5): Opening that Snickers and smelling that caramel-y, peanut-y nougat goodness really brought me back to my childhood. It's really strange out here when you are so deprived of the little amenities, how much a Snickers bar truly means to you.
9. Shirin (4/6): I am the luckiest person out here right now considering where I was coming from the previous night's Tribal Council to all of a sudden winning this chocolate paradise reward and having a door open strategically with Mike and Sierra. It's literally night and day. I see the game from a new angle and now I'm charging forward.
10. Rodney (2/2): Not winning again, I'm like, “You know what? The worst thing I can do is to sulk in another loss and to get mad that I didn't get a reward.” So what I need to do, is look at the positive things. We do have a chicken here that we're gonna eat 'cause my stomach needs to taste something different other than rice and beans. Jenn doesn't like killing the chickens 'cause she doesn't like eating the meat and I guess she wanted them as her little buddies 'cause she just lost her buddy Hali and I guess she maybe talked to the chickens 'cause those are her little friends.
11. Jenn (1/4): This would suck less if the people sucked less. No one asked me if we could kill a chicken, even though they're pretty much my chickens at this point. And, uh, then they just, like, grabbed one of my chickens and ran off. None of this is fun. I've got nothing out here except for despair.
12. Joe (1/7): I'm here with Rodney and, uh, there's a part of him that doesn't like Mike, and if I can use that to my advantage, absolutely I'm going to frickin' use it. So hopefully I can work a little magic and stay in the game a little longer.
13. Joe (2/7): Going into the Immunity Challenge, I feel a ton of pressure. I really have nobody out here, but I'm going to go in there and-and give it all I got and try to get a win. I'm 3-0. Hey, let's make it 4-0!
14. Jenn (2/4): Me, Joe and Shirin are all at the bottom. The more I ask to leave, the less likely I am to leave. So if they're gonna plan on keeping me around I'm going to give them a reason to kick me out.
15. Joe (3/7): Jenn said, “If I win the Immunity Challenge, I'll give you the necklace and then I'll go home.” Because she's literally that set on leaving. Hopefully she'll stick to it because it will double my chances of winning today at the Immunity Challenge.
16. Jenn (3/4): Is it really sad that I fought so hard in that challenge today so I could have a ticket out? Everyone is going to vote for Joe, but I really think that I could do something to protect him and screw up everyone else's game.
17. Joe (4/7): I lost so I was rooting for Jenn. I'm like, “Come on, Jenn! Keep going!” But it didn't work out. So, you know, at this point I'm living on the edge again. I'm living on a limb. I know I'm on the chopping block, but I'm gonna fight. I'm gonna fight 'til the bitter end.
18. Shirin (5/6): Nobody knows the game as well as I do. And I'm running the numbers constantly. And I figured out this numbers loophole. Because of the Hidden Immunity Idol and because of the way the numbers shake out with seven people in the Blue alliance and three people on the outs, the Blue alliance can and will split their vote. But if Joe votes for Jenn, there's a 4-4 tie between Joe and Jenn. Jenn can't vote for herself and she's not going to vote for Joe because she wants to go home. And that leaves me as a swing vote to decide between Joe and Jenn going home.
19. Jenn (4/4): If Shirin and Joe vote for me, everyone gets screwed over 'cause I keep Joe in the game. It sounds pathetic to ask people to vote for you, but I-I don't care.
20. Mike (4/5): The scary thing about splitting the vote is literally one person could make the difference in who you want to go home and the goat going home. So I want Shirin to vote Joe tonight in order to get Joe out of this game.
21. Shirin (6/6): The thought of voting between Joe and Jenn, on the one hand, I never thought I'd be in a position to vote for an actual friend of mine out of this game even though she wants it. I want to respect her wishes and let her leave this game is peace, but the opposite point of view is that Joe is a much bigger threat. I am being tested, and little does everyone now that I could really rock the boat tonight.
22. Joe (5/7): I don't have the real Hidden Immunity Idol and everyone was watching me, but I have a little back-up plan. Just get a little time by myself outside of camp, I have everything I need to make a fake idol.
23. Joe (6/7): I've been having this idea to make a fake Hidden Immunity Idol and I have my little stash that I set up. This is a piece of wooden crate. I've got pieces from my torch. I make jewelry, so I'm going to make a fake idol.
24. Joe (7/7): At this point in the game, the more confusion that you can throw, the better. And if no one else has found the actual Hidden Immunity Idol, than this is golden. This is-- this is sellable.
25. Mike (5/5): I have the Hidden Immunity Idol to his clue that he got. But if he has a different Hidden Immunity Idol, you give it to me tonight... and you know what? Legitimately, I would switch my vote... maybe!
1. Tyler (1/1): We got rid of Joe last night, the biggest threat in the game, and right off the bat Rodney approached me this morning with a new tactic, which is why don't we stomp on Mike before he pulls his numbers and his charisma and jumps on us? And Rodney's idea could be a really good idea.
2. Mike (1/8): I overheard Rodney, Will, Tyler and Mama C, and there's definitely been a power shift in this game. Rodney has flipped on the Blue Collars and he is no longer in my alliance. So I know that they are coming for my head. That's why I've got to start doing a lot of work starting today.
3. Mike (2/8): I came into this game knowing that whenever it was Survivor Auction time that I'll starve today. It's just all there is to it. Some if not all of my alliance have flipped on me. No food in this world is worth what an advantage is worth in this game to me.
4. Dan (1/5): I told Mike to go before me. He turned around, went back... and it broke my heart. And he might have just lost my trust.
5. Will (1/5): I'm so upset. I spent a hundred dollars to get myself out the food auction and I was like, “This can't be happening.” I was devastated. So I'm walking back to camp, and then all of a sudden I'm like, “Oh, my God, there's a clue for me.”
6. Will (2/5): I just got a map and it says, “Tribe Camp” and it has a X and it says, “Dig.” They're probably getting burgers and fries, but, um, maybe I got something better. It's shocking how this game can change in your favor just like that. I thought it was the worst day ever, but this could be huge for me.
7. Will (3/5): Well, you know, uh, the Bible says, “It's better to give than receive,” so I'm just gonna take this back to the tribe. Even though these snacks are for me, we've all been out here for 25 days, everybody's starving, so I-I'm going to go ahead and share. Maybe this will give me some, uh, brownie points when it comes to people trying to vote me out, I don't know, but, uh, I think it's going to be a nice gesture when they see that, you know, no hard feelings.
8. Mike (3/8): I screwed up big time at the auction. But I know that there was an alliance formed that was coming for me. And I'm not gonna just sit there and watch it happen. Because if I don't out this alliance immediately, Dan, Sierra and myself are going home.
9. Sierra (1/1): When we get back from the reward, Mike's telling me there's four against me and Dan. Rodney flipped on the Blue Collars. So Mike feels the urge to just let it all out. This is a symptom of being exhausted and paranoia and he has the worst timing ever. We have letters from our loved ones. We just want to sit down and read them.
10. Mike (4/8): I just outed the alliance that was trying to get me out today and now they're all mad at me because I ruined the moment for everybody. But this is a game and I'm here to win. Hopefully, my strategy works. It may not, but at least it's out in the open now.
11. Rodney (1/3): What Mike was saying was true, but I just got to use it to my advantage, so I'm going after what I need right now, which is Dan's vote.
12. Rodney (2/3): If this wasn't Survivor, I'd go tip top toes with Mike and battle it out with him like real men do in the street. But, hey, this is Survivor and I just gotta beat him with my mind, I gotta beat him with my wit and because of what he done, he made my job easy.
13. Dan (2/5): Mike took a really nice moment and ruined it... and that hurt me because Mike is my friend. But he is convinced that Rodney has flipped, which now puts Mike, myself and Sierra on the bottom end of the food chain. Who's right? Don't know.
14. Dan (3/5): I couldn't have imagined this in my wildest dreams. I was expecting an advantage in the next Immunity Challenge. But to get a second vote? Do you have any idea what this means to me?
15. Mike (5/8): Supposedly, Will shared all the food with us. These rations that are supposed to last him the rest of the game, which is a little suspect to me.
16. Will (4/5): I just heard that those three are saying that I'm lying about that there was more food and that I'm hiding it, which is a crock. I'm already on nine because I didn't get a letter from my family, but when I do a generous act and you question that and you question my integrity? Oh, it's on!
17. Shirin (1/3): Will came back to camp freaking out. Mike was missing, Jenn was missing and Will starts just tearing into me, honestly, like a crazy person.
18. Shirin (2/3): And then he just started digging in with the personal attacks. And having grown up in a family torn apart by domestic violence and then verbally assaulted my entire childhood, I get worked up about it.
19. Shirin (3/3): I think the worst part is that other than Mike, everyone is just sitting there like, smiling and being like, “This is fun, isn't it?!” And to allow that to happen... (wipes away tears) it's disgusting.
20. Jenn (1/2): The past couple of days I haven't really wanted to be here but those people suck so bad. I think I'll stick around just so I can (expletive censor) up their game.
21. Mike (6/8): At this point, me, Shirin and Jenn, we only have each other, but we're still in this game. And I'm going to keep working every angle I can until either something breaks or I go home.
22. Rodney (3/3): One of the worst things that could happen is that Mike won immunity, so my game has taken a huge hit. This camp has turned into a damn circus. And no matter what happens, Tribal ain't gonna go exactly how we gonna want it go.
23. Mike (7/8): When you win immunity, we do the happy dance! We do the happy dance when we do something good! It felt amazing. And it could not have come at a better time in this game because I was 100% on the chopping block tonight.
24. Will (5/5): Tonight's going to be a very, very important Tribal because we need to break up those three. Personally, I would like to vote out Shirin. She just has no soul, no worth, no nothing. But Jenn, she's good at challenges so she has to go.
25. Jenn (2/2): At this point, I want to stay in this game just 'cause I don't like those people, and I want to vote them out, but if this is going to work, it's up to Dan, who is dumb as a box of rocks. So my entire game is in dumbass' hands.
26. Carolyn (1/1): At this point, I'm like, “Oh, my God, is Dan in? Is Dan out?” Because Dan has not proven himself to be that smart in this game. But I do have my idol, and if Mike gets to him, I might have to use it.
27. Mike (8/8): I gave it my best shot. I don't know if he'll come around to my way of thinking or not. I would like to think deep down in his heart of hearts Dan does still want to work with me.
28. Dan (4/5): It could be Mike is right. The four of them are about to sell us down the river or maybe he's lost his mind. And what upsets me the most is I am the swing vote tonight, which is my worst nightmare.
29. Dan (5/5): If I go against Mike and I'm wrong, I'll never forgive myself, but you have to try to put your emotions aside because it's a game. Either way, I'm about to make a million dollar decision or a million dollar mistake.
1. Dan (1/6): When Mike blew up, he lost everybody's trust.
2. Dan (2/6): He can say Sierra and I are at the bottom of the barrel. Does it make it true? No. I do not believe that I am at the bottom of my alliance. I know it looks like I'm playing a passive game. It doesn't mean I don't have schemes brewing.
3. Shirin (1/4): I'm not one to cry a lot in real life, but I have this Pavlov's dog reaction to men yelling at me. (wipes away tears)
4. Shirin (2/4): The most horrifying part about this for me is that all of this drama makes Will an excellent person to take to the end, and yet Mike and I are on the bottom.
5. Dan (3/6): So at Tribal Council, one of the things that came up was blowout between Shirin and Will. Apparently there's violence in her history. If that's the case, I feel very bad for her. However, that being said... Shirin is a drama queen. She is a two-faced liar. She loves to play the victim. For Shirin to say that Will is worse than her, that's hypocritical. Did he go overboard? From what I heard, yes, he did, but when she's calling him names, when she has no gratitude or appreciation, I call that karma.
6. Carolyn (1/3): Dan has options in this game and he's a loose cannon, so we want him to feel comfortable so that inkling to go back to Mike never crosses his mind. And being on a reward with him is a perfect opportunity to get that point across.
7. Mike (1/3): The Reward Challenge started off really, really good. We had a lead but lost it. It was me doing the work while three other people stood around and watched. It ended up being the losing strategy. You know, I'm just gonna take full credit for that. If my tribemates are mad at me, I mean, how much more mad can they be? I'm already their number one public enemy. So I got nothing to lose at this point.
8. Rodney (1/2): I haven't been able to leave this beach once. I didn't go on one (expletive censor) reward. I'm (expletive censor) pissed. I'm miserable. I'm not eating enough food. I'm shaking. I got an itchy beard. I haven't showered. My nails are nasty. Did I say I'm miserable? Everybody's had a break. But I just been locked in my cell 24/7 not being able to burst out and have some time. I need some Rodney time. For my sanity, I need to get out of here.
9. Sierra (1/2): At this point, Tyler not only can win immunities but he schemes and plans. So I'm well aware that Tyler is a threat. So we could use Shirin's vote to get rid of Tyler before the six because these tough guys that are threats, you have to strike when you get the chance. I can't say too much 'cause I don't want to scare them, you know, and be another Mike.
10. Rodney (2/2): Tyler, people think he's a threat, but I am the biggest threat 'cause I'm running the show. I got the numbers. I got the relationships. I got the personalities on my side. I mean, I'm kinda a little concerned with Sierra but we gotta stay cool, calm and collective like I said since Day 1. So my next move is to get Mike and Shirin out of here and get to the Strong Six and then Rodney works his magic.
11. Dan (4/6): I'm not gonna lie, winning that reward, that was awesome.
12. Dan (5/6): Now that Mike is on the ousts, the fact that I got to go with these three, Carolyn, Tyler and Will, just made it even better because they are my alliance right now. You know, the only reason why Mike is still here is because he's won immunities. The next immunity he loses, (makes blowing sound) smell you later!
13. Tyler (1/4): Dan doesn't get it. Mike was correct. Our group was going to target him. But my goal is to keep Dan focused on the others, on the evils, on the guys like Mike, the flippers who don't belong.
14. Tyler (2/4): Dan should be worried because he needs to be thinking further along in the game. All he can see is top six, and that's a perfect place for his mind to stop. I love the fact that Dan cannot see beyond top six.
15. Shirin (3/4): I held on for as long as I could, but it wasn't enough and Carolyn won. It would have been epic 'cause Mike won immunity, I would have won immunity and then we would have seen the Axis of Evil scrambling all day, but it wasn't meant to be. And so I have now got to scramble.
16. Carolyn (2/3): I wanted that necklace more than anything on this planet, but more importantly is the fact that Shirin didn't get the necklace, right? 'Cause if Shirin got the necklace, one of my alliance members could have been going home tonight.
17. Carolyn (3/3): Mike winning throws a little bit of a wrench in our plans tonight because we really wanted Mike to go home. So the plan tonight is everyone's voting for Shirin, there's no splitting votes because we had to split with one of our own and that just doesn't make sense.
18. Dan (6/6): In a dream scenario, of course I'd love to sit next to Shirin in the final three. Who wouldn't?! Nobody likes her!
19. Shirin (4/4): Dan, because he doesn't like me, he's going to vote me out instead of voting out the threat. Dan, you are being stupid. You're gonna have to make a move. Open your eyes, bro!
20. Sierra (2/2): Shirin should be taken to the end because she won't get votes. She won't win Immunity Challenges. I'm not dumb. I'm not blind. Like I know Tyler is a threat but if I had two people backing me that were comfortable with it, of course I would get rid of Tyler tonight.
21. Tyler (3/4): We know that Dan's got an advantage in this game and it's in his bag. So it completely peaks my interest and it plants the seed in my mind, “What's in his bag?” I realize, “Game on!” I've got to find a way to get into his bag. And so I walked up, grab the bag and race off down toward Tree Mail in order to understand what the heck is going on inside of his bag. And I read that Dan's advantage is one extra vote. Dan has essentially a vote multiplier.
22. Tyler (4/4): What makes me nervous is the Dan and Sierra combination. If they actually saw how dangerous our four is, they could flip, rejoin with Mike and Shirin and use the advantage to vote me out.
23. Mike (2/3): I won. It feels pretty good. It feels pretty awesome. And today I don't have to worry about anything, because I'm safe. But I'm not guaranteed to win the next immunity, so I got some work to do in order to get myself further in this game.
24. Mike (3/3): There was a time in this game when I would have said Dan is my strongest ally, but I screwed up and I wish there was a way that I could convince him of how loyal I truly am to him. But Dan is unwilling to give me a chance. So now I see what kind of a person he truly is, and it's sad that you put your faith and trust in someone and, uh, they turn out being a lot different than you thought they were. This whole game I've been playing ninety to nothing. And there is definitely some strategy to be thought of about using the Hidden Immunity Idol tonight, for the simple fact that I could get a big threat out of this game. Everyone is going to be voting Shirin. I could literally give the idol to Shirin and shake this game all up again. Who knows? Let's see where the chips fall and maybe those chips will fall in my direction.
1. Mike (1/5): When we got back to camp after Tribal, they called a little team meeting of the Six, and it was kind of fun. It was kind of fun to start watching people scramble 'cause for the past three votes... I've been scrambling. Right now I'm safe with my Hidden Immunity Idol. So that target is taken off of me and they'll start turning on each other. The fallout of all of this it's going to be interesting to watch, and that's for sure.
2. Tyler (1/6): I put down Dan's name thinking that, “Look, man, I got to do whatever I can to stay alive.”
3. Dan (1/5): The fact that I got two votes gives me reason for pause. So that's bad on Will and Tyler, because they did flinch. Mike is still public enemy number one right now. But here's the problem: Mike has an Immunity Idol. He is guaranteed one more trip.
4. Tyler (2/6): Last night's vote showed that the Six are more than willing to vote for each other, uh, and that Dan is most likely at the bottom, which is why he got votes. But I was on the chopping block, as well, so I don't have too many lifelines remaining. I voted for Dan, and I plan on doing it again. I don't know if I call Dan extremely gullible, I just call him extremely loyal, and in this game, you know, they are kind of one and the same.
5. Rodney (1/5): Today is my birthday. Hopefully we got a reward. Hopefully I get out of here. I've been stuck on this beach for 30 days doing the same damn thing over and over again.
6. Rodney (2/5): People don't know how tight me and Will are, and Mama C, she has a lot of love, too, and they're gonna take me on this reward. If I don't go on the reward, it will be a sad, sad day. I mean, my whole game will change. But guess what? The chances of that happening are 0.0000% chance because that's how much faith I have in these people.
7. Rodney (3/5): Everybody out here is fugazi. These people aren't your friends. They showed up today how cutthroat they can be. Your own damn birthday and they don't take you on a reward. So they just turned me into the psychotic person I am.
8. Mike (2/5): Carolyn, Sierra, myself get to jump in the back of this truck loaded down with toys, bags, balls, school supplies and we get to go to this orphanage where in this truck we get to be ambassadors of goodwill for Survivor.
9. Mike (3/5): To see the faces of all these little boys and girls when we pulled up, built me up inside because I just enjoy being around kids. And being a kid 'cause I'm a big kid. The only thing I can think in my head were these beautiful, beautiful little children... don't have a mom, they don't have a dad.
10. Sierra (1/1): This is one of the coolest experiences I've ever had, to come here and meet these amazing children who are so grateful and spend time with them. I couldn't ask for a better reward today.
11. Carolyn (1/7): Rodney's going to be pissed off at me because I didn't give up this reward, but when you think about it, this is not a horrible birthday. You're on Survivor, for God's sake!
12. Carolyn (2/7): I hadn't been on a reward with Mike before, so I got a chance to see him in a different light. Mike has a lot of power in this game right now. He does win challenges and he does have an idol. So he's not going home and we have to vote one of the Six out. That's why I'm worried about myself, and, yeah, I'm thinking about aligning myself with the people that I think are going to go take me further in this game. So maybe it's time to join forces. Who knows?! It could happen!
13. Rodney (4/5): 0 for 5 on Reward Challenges and a bunch of scumbags who neglected me on my birthday who claim to be Survivor family. Now-now all of bets are off now. Carolyn and Sierra, they ain't going to the end. The only people who are going to the end under my watch is me. That's it.
14. Dan (2/5): I understand him being hurt. I understand him being upset. But even in my opinion, that was a bit much.
15. Dan (3/5): I do not think for a second that it's gonna work. I really think Rodney is slipping off into that abyss. And that's alright with me, you know, let him have his-his-his moment of explosion. Hopefully he's on the chopping block and they won't see me as a target. We'll see how it plays out.
16. Tyler (3/6): We sat around and essentially watched Rodney storm around, kick the dirt, curse, spit, fight. He's lost it. He's going crazy. Which is scary because Rodney is in my alliance, and I certainly can't rely on him, and Mike most likely will play his idol.
17. Tyler (4/6): It'd be stupid for Mike to buy this story, and I'm the first one that Mike wants gone. I'm going to be the one he votes for. If we just leave it into Mike's hands I am out of here.
18. Rodney (5/5): My plan is to say I want them to vote me out at Tribal, that I've had enough. Hopefully Mike doesn't play his idol and then we pull off the biggest blindside in the game. So let's see what happens.
19. Mike (4/5): I see right through the plan: trying to make me feel like I'm safe so I don't play my idol. But that ain't happening, brother. I'm not an idiot. Just 'cause I talk slow don't mean I think slow.
20. Will (1/1): Uh, Mike didn't buy Rodney's acting for a second. He just stopped that conversation. Mike has his Immunity Idol and we're back to square one.
21. Tyler (5/6): Would Carolyn be willing to put down the White Collar idol to save me? I hope so. Um, my trust is in Mama C. I'm also her closest alliance member. And as things get down to the wire, you gotta trust people in order to get further.
22. Carolyn (3/7): From a strategic game perspective, I'm playing the game hard. I know that Tyler trusts me. So I think Mike doesn't really have anybody else to work with. So I actually do feel like I'm the one in charge right now.
23. Dan (4/5): The good news is Mike has to play that idol. The bad news, I got two votes last Tribal Council, and right now there's a lot of talk about my advantage, which makes me an easy target.
24. Carolyn (4/7): I won my second Immunity Challenge in a row. Woot woot! So excited. But it's not cut and dry how to play this game now because there's so many options. So you have to make sure you figure out the right move.
25. Dan (5/5): Does it put fear into me that my name could get written down? Of course it does. I feel like one of three people are going home tonight: me, Mike or Tyler. But Mike's probably going to play his idol tonight. So the odds are on either Tyler or myself because they see Tyler as a threat, and my name keeps getting written down.
26. Carolyn (5/7): As far as Dan's concerned, we're gunning for Tyler, but voting for Dan is not really a bad idea because we get rid of the advantage.
27. Tyler (6/6): There are three people in this game right now who have advantages going into tonight's Tribal: Mike has an idol, Carolyn has an idol and Dan has an advantage in voting. The last Tribal, I was the one on the chopping block. I could be easily going home tonight, so my plan tonight would be to throw four votes at Mike, another two votes go after Dan and we knock out both an idol and an advantage. Dan goes home.
28. Carolyn (6/7): Mike is gunning for Tyler. And this could be the only opportunity for me to side with him. But I don't know if that's the right move to make right now.
29. Mike (5/5): I really, really, really hope Mama C is 100% on board with me right now because my options of who to work with at this point are a little bit limited.
30. Carolyn (7/7): It's a toss-up between Dan and Tyler as to who needs to go first. Tyler and I have a bond. We've been together since literally Day 3, but he's the only one who knows I have an idol, so he can blow up my game. But Dan's advantage gives him an extra vote, so that's a big threat. You know, this is a game for a million dollars and I'm here to play the game, so game on, boys and girls.
1. Mike (1/8): Tribal tonight was a whole lot of fun for me because, uh, I finally got to break apart the Six. Because I played my idol tonight, I could be vulnerable, so to secure my spot, I either need to find another idol, or I need to win immunity the rest of the time out.
2. Dan (1/5): Ev-ery-bo-dy wants Mike gone! Because Mike has already proven that he is selfish and that he is self-centered. And you know something? To his credit. He dropped an atomic bomb and he whipped out the Hidden Immunity Idol, but all Mike gets is one free pass, and that's all he's getting. I have zero interest in working with Mike at this point. Mike, he has to be the hero. It's the fact that he's so arrogant and he's so condescending. To hell with Mike! To hell with his idol! At the end of the day, I'm in the position of power, because I have an advantage in this game, which is an extra vote at a Tribal Council. Besides, I teamed up with Carolyn, Sierra, Will and Rodney, and I genuinely hope the five of us can take Mike out of this game.
3. Carolyn (1/6): I don't trust Dan because Dan is the biggest threat other than Mike in this game because Dan's advantage is a very huge threat in the game. I have my idol, so that saves me for one, but that doesn't get me to the final four or the final three. So I need Mike to solidify, God forbid something happens with, you know, that side, I want, you know, options.
4. Mike (2/8): I love my new little angel Carolyn, 'cause I know what Dan's advantage is now. I hope that she feels like she can trust me and that we can move forward and work together a little bit to eliminate some bigger threats in this game.
5. Carolyn (2/6): I am smack in the middle. I got stuff working on here and I got stuff working over there. So, of course I'm going to tell him what he wants to hear, but if Mike doesn't win immunity... gotta go!
6. Carolyn (3/6): I do feel bad for Rodney that he hasn't won a reward and I've been on every reward except for one. I hope he doesn't take it personally, but this is my Survivor experience, as well.
7. Mike (3/8): I've never been on a helicopter before in my entire life, and it was... epic.
8. Will (1/2): It was absolutely stunning. I'm really by a volcano that is steaming right now. It's going to be etched in my memory forever.
9. Carolyn (4/6): I've been blessed to be on a lot of different rewards, but the helicopter ride is the greatest reward ever. There's no words to describe how fabulous it really is.
10. Mike (4/8): We land in this open field, and there's this table and its got all the food on it that you could ever want or need to get yourself through the rest of this game.
11. Carolyn (5/6): Mike brought up the pitch that Mike, me and Will could go to the final three, which was kind of interesting because I could really, you know, work with him. It would be a big move, but it might be the wrong move.
12. Will (2/2): Mike's scrambling 'cause he knows he's next on the chopping block. He's the biggest threat still in the game. And you got to get rid of your biggest threats.
13. Mike (5/8): I don't honestly know exactly where Carolyn's head is at. I'm hoping that it's with me, but if she's not with me and she's with them, I've got to win the immunities to stay in this game.
14. Rodney (1/3): Carolyn screwed me over on my birthday and went back on her word today. Guess what? Mama C, maybe I shouldn't take this personal, but I am. Once Mike's outta here, you're outta here. Revenge is going to be sweet. Revenge is going to be very sweet.
15. Dan (2/5): Everybody's hungry, really hungry, and given the fact that they're on a surf and turf helicopter reward, it sure would be nice to find some food. It looks like some kind of a fruit. I don't have the slightest idea as to what these things are, but, uh, I'm going to find out, I tell you that right now.
16. Rodney (2/3): All of a sudden, Dan-O comes out to cut two big pieces of fruit. You know, I feel like I got a reward. That-that's like the whole enchilada for Rodney. I mean, what have I had? I feel like I'm in heaven now. I'm ready to put the pedal to the metal to the end now. I mean, these watermelons that Dan found are making Rodney feeling some type of way. And once I get feeling like this and I'm back in my hustle game it's a wrap out here.
17. Rodney (3/3): So, Mike, you want to battle with me? Let's do it. I'm ready to battle. I'll go toe to toe with anybody in this game and in real life. 'Cause I'm coming at you full force. And when I come at you full force, baby, you better watch out.
18. Dan (3/5): If Mike wins the next immunity, once again the Five that are left are gonna have to turn on each other. We can't have that. Mike can not win the next Immunity Challenge. Period. End of story. End of discussion.
19. Sierra (1/2): Mike makes a good point. Dan does have an advantage. And he may use it to get me out. He may use it to help me get further. You never know what Dan's gonna do, but if Mike doesn't win immunity, he has to go. I don't want to be sitting next to Mike in the end. That would be shooting myself in the foot. He's bound to lose, and at that point, he will be going home.
20. Mike (6/8): Inside of me it was like the fourth of July in the middle of Texas, fireworks going off, music playing loud because this little necklace right here says one of those Five are going home tonight and it's not me.
21. Dan (4/5): Good lord! This guy is unbeatable. Mike lives another day. (screaming) Argh! The alliance always knew that eventually we were going to have to turn on each other. And in my pecking order, Carolyn was next on the chopping block. She's kicked ass in challenges. She's been personable, so she gotta go.
22. Sierra (2/2): It looks like it's Carolyn who's going home tonight, but Dan is a huge threat and has an advantage, and if we're playing this game like we've played it the whole time to get rid of the huge threats, maybe we need to get rid of Dan.
23. Mike (7/8): Their little family is turning on Dan. Everyone's saying, “Vote Dan, vote Dan, vote Dan.” Well, if they all want Dan gone, it makes me pause and think, “What if I get rid of one of them instead just to completely mess with their plans and not go along with what they want done?”
24. Dan (5/5): Mike has the audacity, the unmitigated gall to look at me and say, “I can save you. I have the power to save you.” But part of me is actually wondering if there is a chance they'll turn on me. I'm running out of time to use my advantage, and I'd rather go down swinging than stand there and watch the third strike go by me.
25. Mike (8/8): Dan was not shaken at all. He was uppity. He doesn't feel like that he's going home. The only thing that I can figure out is Dan wants to take Will and Rodney to the end because those are the only two people that he can beat, and if I'm right and he's not going home tonight, it's one of the girls.
26. Carolyn (6/6): I want to believe that they're voting for Dan, but what if they don't vote for Dan? What if Mike is right? It could be Will, Rodney and Dan final three. They could be screwing us over and this is where I am really racking my brain is do I trust them? I don't want to waste my idol, and if I really believe that they're going to vote for Dan, then I can save it for one more vote.
1. Carolyn (1/7): It was so much fun at Tribal tonight when Jeff read the votes. I was like, “God, be with you, Carolyn. You made the right freakin' choice.”
2. Mike (1/11): And there's still four going out there. How is that even possible? “We gotta get Mike out! We gotta bind together and we gotta get Mike out of this game!” Stockholm syndrome was full in effect. I mean, Carolyn knows she's on the bottom, they all just voted for her, yet the four of them go to the beach. So at this particular point in the game, I really do feel all alone.
3. Carolyn (2/7): When you make a move like that, you really see who your friends are and Mike had my back. But he doesn't have the numbers. So I'm not gonna be all upset with them voting for me. I need them. So now I know how I sit with my alliance. I've gotta be on the lookout. But if Mike is still in the game he's the biggest threat and if you join forces together against the common enemy that brings you closer together. So that's my strategy.
4. Mike (2/11): Not only did I win an advantage, but having my mom here, seeing her smiling face, that would have been enough, but her coming back to camp and staying the night? Man, you take your best day, add ice cream with some cherries on top, that's what today feels like.
5. Mike (3/11): The great thing about this reward is having my mom out here with me, getting to share that with probably the person I love the most in this world... it's a special moment.
6. Mike (4/11): This is one of the greatest days that I've had in 36 days. Having someone here that I know 1,000% that I can trust, and to experience this with her is a top ten moment in my life.
7. Mike (5/11): The advantage basically was, uh, my mom leading me through this maze. And it was frustrating because even though she was helping me, I couldn't find the Immunity Necklace. And I kept thinking in my head, I'm screwing this up.
8. Mike (6/11): I won immunity again, but I know that if I lose the next immunity, I'm going home. But you know what? I'm a Blue Collar. I like having my back up against the wall. This is the Survivor that I signed up for.
9. Carolyn (3/7): Mike wins the Immunity Challenge, so now the alliance of four has to turn on each other, and this is the first day in 37 days that I do not have the Hidden Immunity Idol. But I've already got a Plan “B”. Mike and I have a bond, and I'm going to use that to secure my place in the final four.
10. Sierra (1/2): At this point I'm willing to do anything Mike wants, because I'm scared. I'm terrified that it could be me who goes home.
11. Sierra (2/2): At this point I have done everything in my power. I'm writing down Rodney no ifs, ands, or buts. And I just hope nobody is writing down my name.
12. Rodney (1/2): Sierra and Carolyn went off with Mike and told him that they're putting my name down. These broads are hilarious. Ever since Day 1 they can't stand Mike. The first moment their back is against the corner, they're there kissing his ass. Guess what? I don't play that. I don't kiss no man's ass, bro. I'm just gonna lay down the facts and say, “Listen, what do you wanna do? You wanna keep me around or do you wanna go with these fugazi ass women who are probably gonna beat you?”
13. Mike (7/11): At this point I have two final three deals. But it's like trying to sell, you know, ice cream pop to an Eskimo because I don't trust any of these people. So I just have to follow my gut and figure out what's best for my game. But if I make the wrong decision, it could be a million dollar mistake.
14. Mike (8/11): I'm sitting in the final three, and it's like being able to breathe for the first time in a long time. It doesn't mean that there's not still a lot more battle to be taking place, but at this particular point I can revel in it just for a little bit. You know what we do when we win the Immunity Necklace, we do the happy dance, baby. We do the happy dance 'cause we're happy!
15. Mike (9/11): When we got back to camp, I maybe took five minutes and, you know, gave myself a high five about the final three, but I'm not allowing it to go to my head because tonight's decision is huge. I've got to decide who I'm gonna take to the end. And if I make the wrong decision tonight, it's bye bye to the million dollars.
16. Will (1/2): This is going to be the biggest vote ever. Me and Rodney, we're voting for Mama C. And I think Mike knows or I hope he knows, if you want a million dollars, you don't bring somebody who is nicknamed “Mama.” (laughs) Because everybody like mamas.
17. Carolyn (4/7): So Mike wants today's Tribal Council to end in a Fire Challenge. And I'm like, “Oh, my God!” I am freaking out. But I know that both those boys are going to write my name down, so I don't have any other options today. I'm going to be making fire tonight. I mean, it's nerve-racking, but I've got my game face on now, and I'm going to make it happen.
18. Rodney (2/2): Once again, I don't know what Mike is doing yet. I think he's just trying to get Mama C's jury vote. But he's already told me he wants to bring me to the end. He's trying to act like he doesn't want to take me to the end but he knows he wants to take me to the end because he thinks it's going to be easy money. So we'll see what happens tonight, but I feel pretty confident that, hey, I'm going to be in the top three sitting pretty.
19. Mike (10/11): If Rodney loses tonight, it's poetic justice because Rodney thinks he's smooth talked his way all the way into the final three. So maybe I am making a million dollar wrong mistake, but I would rather lose to Mama C than be the guy that just took two goats to the end and won.
20. Carolyn (5/7): This is a huge night and, uh, right now I'm just a little frustrated.
21. Carolyn (6/7): I've worked my ass off for 38 days, and I can't believe it comes down to this. But believe me, tonight there's going to be game face, but right now it's not looking good.
22. Will (2/2): It's a great feeling to know that finally there's no strategy. There's no more backstabbing. We are done. And the sacrifice of you not seeing your wife and your daughter, you want to make it worth it. I'm at Day 39. I'm in the final three, and I can say, “It was worth it!” One thing left is to try to persuade eight people that I deserve the million dollars. I think the way I played the game was the only way I could play it. I made the moves I had to make. Maybe they're not as big as you want, but I had to be true to myself, and if it worked, it worked. And if it didn't, then I'm out. Let the chips fall where they made. No Collar attitude. (laughs)
23. Carolyn (7/7): This has been a dream of mine for the last 15 years. I've played the game from start to finish. I can't even describe how great it feels right now. This was a season of gamers, and with gamers, when Plan “A” crumbles, you have to have Plan “B” and Plan “C.” With my background in corporate America, being a White Collar employee, you've got to have Plan “B” and Plan “C” at your fingertips all the time. And that's the way I played the game. I'm absolutely nervous about who will vote for me. I have to convince them that I deserve it, that I made moves, that I won challenges, that I played a good game.
24. Mike (11/11): For a long time in this game, I felt completely alone, with only myself to trust. I feel like I dug down into parts of me that I didn't know were there. And now I know that there's no wall that I can come up against that I can't either dig under it, climb over it or, heck, if I got to, bust through it. One of the things I love about being a Blue Collar is that we finish what we started. That's what Blue Collars do. But I think it's going to be a very close vote. There's a lot of people out there that don't like me because I have won so much, so I better be ready for a battle, because I want the title of Sole Survivor and a million dollars.
