1. John (1/8): All of a sudden, I'm like, “Okay, wait a minute, this has never happened before, we're separated men and women.” I should just start thinking, “Okay, I gotta put my game face on for, you know, how do you-- how do you jive with just all men in a group?”
2. Ghandia (1/10): If we were gonna be an all women tribe, I thought that we were totally going to kick (chuckles) the men's ass 'cause women are just better at, like, multitasking, we handle pain better, we're just more logical.
3. Jan (1/3): When Jeff said that we were picking the tribes, I really... um, I really did kind of get scared. I was scared 'cause, uh, I'm not really a leader and I was put in the spotlight which kind of frightened me.
4. Jake (1/5): They really put you on the spot, you know? The first person I picked was Stephanie and I guarantee you, if you look into that girl's eyes and then you look at her body, you know that this lady is-is ready to take on the world.
5. John (2/8): Initially, I'm looking at-- it looks like a pretty strong guy, and it looks like, sort of a weak, elderly lady and I'm thinking, “Holy Moly, I hope I get on the strong guy's team.”
6. Jed (1/2): Jake's demeanor, I was drawn to, and he picked people I would also be drawn to-- the younger crowd, the athletic crowd. I thought, “Man, I really want to be on that team.” And so my heart was pumping when everyone was picking.
7. Robb (1/6): I don't wanna be on the little old lady's team. (shakes head) Like, after I saw who she started picking, I'm sitting there and it was-- it was her pick and I'm thinking to myself, “Don't make eye contact, don't make eye contact.”
8. Tanya (1/3): There's a lot of anxiety. I think everybody's sitting there was thinking, you know, you don't wanna look like, you know, that you're the last person picked.
9. Clay (1/1): I'm the smallest and oldest one sitting there and I knew I was gonna be last but they gotta, uh, a diamond in the-- in the rough is what they don't know.
10. Erin (1/1): You got to be kidding me! I'm the last one?! Rea-- come on! I can't give so much to this tribe! Being picked last is very humbling. I probably needed that experience. (chuckles)
11. Jake (2/5): I don't know what Jan was thinking when she picked the people that she picked. I like to see athletic looking people, so I based picking the teams on athleticism and just that gleam in their eyes that looks like they've be there for the duration.
12. Penny (1/3): I think Jake is in great shape for being sixty. I think we probably have the more best looking guys on our tribe than the other four that are sitting over there. Absolutely.
13. Ted (1/3): I was surprised by, uh, Jan's picks. It seems like, most of the tribe members were older members, if you will. The other tribe, they were extremely excited because they think they'll be able to walk over us in challenges, et cetera. They're gonna be surprised.
14. Helen (1/5): We figured out quickly as a team, that we needed to turn the boat around and the other team didn't figure that out. The other team is, um, quite a bit younger and they're anxious as kids and they just gotta go paddle up! They were thinking it was a race and we knew it wasn't.
15. John (3/8): I found it interesting to know-- to realize that none of our team understood how to paddle the boat. You paddle on the right you go left, you paddle on the left you go right. I mean, we're turning into a big right hand circle here and, you know, people on the right are just powering away.
16. Tanya (2/3): On the way over here, you could see who's wanting to take leadership roles, to tell you what to do and-and John in particular, he wanted to get here as fast as we could. This team, you know, we have a lot of the older group and, um, I'm the youngest one here and I was hoping I'd be on the other tribe, actually. I got stuck with the group that I didn't really think I could relate to.
17. Jake (3/5): We didn't realize that we were paddling the boat backwards. (laughs) I was steering the boat from the foredeck. (laughs)
18. Robb (2/6): And I'm like, “Our boat is backwards,” and we all started laughing and we're like, “Who cares?” I think the thing went faster backwards than it did forward.
19. Shii Ann (1/3): In an ideal situation, what should've happened is we should've landed, we should've hugged and we would've immediately drawn up the plans for shelter and started dispatching people to do... whatever. But instead, we all went, you know, wild.
20. Jake (4/5): Robb is a real case. I mean, the boy has got more enthusiasm and energy than anybody I've ever seen. You know, I got a crew that's totally enthusiastic and ready to go but they know nothing.
21. Ghandia (2/10): Then we kind of passed that banner and we saw the orange on the island, I was like, “Oh, my God! This is my tribe, this is my home!”
22. Brian (1/1): We all kind of just enjoyed each other's company. We're trying to figure everybody out. I'm having a good time doing it. But at the same time, it's, uh, it's-- this is, uh, a business trip as I like to say.
23. Ted (2/3): The good thing that we noticed, right off the bat, was that there were caves. So, that means our first element is basically covered if the caves were safe.
24. Ghandia (3/10): I think my whole tribe was relieved when we saw the cave. We were like, we don't really have to build anything to cover us. We can kind of just chill out in the cave which was a big advantage.
25. Ted (3/3): When we found our shelter and then on-- along the way, we saw food, coconuts-- coconut plants scattered about. We also saw oysters and clams, et cetera, that we could pick off.
26. Jan (2/3): We were all out there and catch 'em with our finger and pick 'em up and pull off the large chompers and put 'em in the pot. So we just all went out waiting and having a ball.
27. Robb (3/6): The first night, we were so thankful the way that Jake picked and so excited about the team that we ended up with, we all decided to come down to the beach and just check it out. Some people went swimming in with their clothes. Stephanie even got naked. She got in the water cruising around nude. I never met a girl that independent and like, secure with her sexuality.
28. Stephanie (1/1): I went skinny dipping last night. Just kind of waited out there a little bit and dipped down.
29. Shii Ann (2/3): Oh, my God! She's wild, she's crazy. I mean, don't get me wrong, going skinny dipping, everyone should do it, but you will not see my tatas.
30. Jake (5/5): After we kind of calmed down a little bit, we knew that we had to get something, uh, some form of a shelter. We built, uh, kind of a halfway shelter and we knew we were going to tear it down and rebuild. Nobody was proud of it.
31. John (4/8): Tanya got a little sick. I-I think what it is that she just got dehydrated.
32. Ghandia (4/10): We need to stay hydrated because water is one of the most important things out here with the heat. So we decided we would all go to find the water source. We had just got in the water and started trekking and John, he came to this crevice and he's like, “Well, let's climb up in here.”
33. Jan (3/3): We don't need to be separating like that, but some people get eager and say, “Well, we don't need to stay, we want to go on and check it out.”
34. Helen (2/5): So we thought we had the map figured out and we thought, “Well, alright, it’s dumping us off in the middle of the jungle here. I guess we're going to start scaling cliffs.”
35. Ghandia (5/10): We came downhill and then when we got back to the-- down to the bottom, here comes John. He's back now.
36. John (5/8): About the time I got there, I said, “Hey, let me take a look at the map.” I looked at the map and I'm like, “Okay, you know what? I think maybe we can go around this other bend over here.” And so Helen and I, and Tanya, took the boat over there.
37. Helen (3/5): Everybody else decided they would follow but by this time the water had come in, so they decided to come in swimming.
38. Ghandia (6/10): So we swam, I think, maybe, it seemed like a mile.
39. John (6/8): At first, we came in and we saw this big ugly pool of brackish water that had been stagnant and sitting there and we're like, “Oh, my goodness.”
40. John (7/8): We went around looking for other spots just a few feet off the trail, there was a big round piece of wood that indicated our water source.
41. Ghandia (7/10): And when we got in eyesight of John and Tanya and Helen, I was kind of wondering why John or Helen didn't come out and get us with the canoe.
42. Ghandia (8/10): And then when we got there, John decides that it would be funny to play a joke on us.
43. Ghandia (9/10): I was happy and I was telling him, “You know, that was really... that was a good joke, heh heh.” But then on my mind I'm thinking, “That's-- it wasn't really a time to joke about that just then.”
44. Ken (1/1): Thankfully, the waterhole we had found today was very close by, maybe a hundred yards away. The water looks clear even though we definitely have to boil it, but it-it looks like it'll help us out.
45. Penny (2/3): We spend a lot of time building the foundation for what's going to be our final shelter.
46. Jed (2/2): My tribe's priorities right now are kind of getting out of whack. The priorities are shelter and no one is thinking about anything else. I mentioned food and everyone's like, “Ah, I want a floor.” I mean, come on, people are going to get really hungry and you gotta just split work up or it's not going to get done.
47. Robb (4/6): Jed, he likes to kind of do, I guess whatever he wants. Like, he went fishing, which hasn't produced anything yet, but, um, we really needed strength, like when it comes to building a shelter.
48. Robb (5/6): The way I look at it, we're just spinning our wheels. So many people are going in so many directions and doing stuff and it's-- they're not producing anything.
49. Shii Ann (3/3): He is messing with the wrong girl. You do not mess with the Shii Devil and not get the horns, okay.
50. Penny (3/3): So far, priority has been shelter, so we have not eaten and I think it's starting to take a toll on us, even though we say that it's not.
51. Robb (6/6): That other team, they're definitely inferior to our youth and our strength. We definitely got all the hot chicks... or most of them, and we definitely (chuckles) got the young, strong guys, which is huge.
52. Ghandia (10/10): I'm a legal secretary, I work with facts. The fact is that we had a great lead and the lead was lessened because I took too long to figure out the puzzle. So now I'm feeling like, that it's time for a sister to go.
53. John (8/8): Who's to say who's here is the most vulnerable? Uh, but I know that, uh, you know, I think everybody is pretty much thinking, you know, we need a strong team. You know, Ghandia, physical challenges aren't going to be her thing. Obviously, mental challenges aren't going to be her thing. Sorry to think, you know, Ghandia, but somebody's gotta go, might as well be you.
54. Helen (4/5): Tanya unfortunately, has-has a shot of being voted off and I only think that because she's had a tough time out here. If everybody voted her off tonight, it would be because they feel sorry for her.
55. Tanya (3/3): I feel a little vulnerable, you know? I have been sick, but I can't control what my body does. I'm still gonna try. My vote will probably be for John. From the first day, a lot of the people were upset with John because he was saying, “You're not running hard enough,” or “You need to do this.” A lot of people are starting to get annoyed because he was taking a leadership role.
56. Helen (5/5): Tonight we're going to Tribal Council. I gotta vote somebody out. I-I-- I'm sick about it. I don't wanna think about it. That's like voting somebody out of your family.
1. Helen (1/11): As a tribe, you do sleep in very close quarters and it's hard. Clay snores. I don't know how a guy that's only like, five five has that much sound coming out of his body. But out here, quite frankly, by the time everybody hits the sack, we're exhausted.
2. Ghandia (1/2): The boat that we have is a piece of crap. It fills with sand, it fills with water, we have to tip it over, it's extremely heavy. With our water source being as far away as it is, it just makes the journey to go get water even more frustrating.
3. Clay (1/7): Helen and Jan, didn't take the map with 'em. They thought they could figure it out and that's when, uh, Helen says, “I know where it is. I know how to do it. Let's go,” when she doesn't. That's the first thing we asked, “Well, didn't they take the map?,” we turn around and there's the map.
4. Helen (2/11): We went beyond the right cove into the absolute wrong cove. That was like, huge, huge mistake. It looked like it was honeycombed with snake holes. And Jan, nicely volunteered to stay with the boat on all the explorations.
5. Clay (2/7): My Luxury Item is a golf club and we have set up three holes. We got a Par 5, we got a Par 3 and a Par 6 and we're in tight competition. They're both ahead of me, two shots, and I'm the one that brought the Luxury Item here.
6. Helen (3/11): Stupidly, we kept going in the wrong direction. We got into a wicked bad current and Jan's a nice lady and strong swimmer but she is not as strong as I am in upper body so I'm like, compensating in the back and she just-- she's older than I am, she's definitely-- you can look at her, she doesn't have as much upper body strength, so I can't get mad at that, that's just a physical fact. It was a nightmare. At one point, I was about ready if I had a pistol in my pocket, I would've pulled it out, shot her first, shot me second. (shakes head) That's why I don't carry a gun.
7. Jake (1/4): The number one priority has been for four days out here, to get us a really nice shelter built. It's really important 'cause, I mean, we're in the monsoon season.
8. Jake (2/4): The shelter has become almost an obsession to the tribe, but Stephanie and Jed have not worked on the hut very much which has caused problems with the people who've been working on the hut.
9. Ken (1/2): If I was in his place, I would want to try to help as much as possible knowing that I stood out so much. It's one thing to be lazy, but to be freakin' lazy is another thing. You know, you-- you're putting in everybody's face that you're not gonna do a damn thing.
10. Jed (1/4): Spending your energy building a shelter seems kind of frivolous to me. You know, it's four days and it’s not even done.
11. Stephanie (1/2): I just don't think that they understand what they have to do to survive in a situation like this, 'cause right now, Jed's pretty much taken care of food and I've been primarily the water. So if you took the two of us out of the equation, I'm not sure how the other six would be.
12. Robb (1/1): Jed didn't necessarily help us at all with the shelter, which I was kind of upset about, but he's done a lot of work. There's gonna be little things that are gonna upset me and I can't let them all just, you know, really get to me 'cause I got wild out here and I want-- I wanna remain pretty-pretty good friends with everybody.
13. Helen (4/11): Thank God, I finally found the water source. We were here the other day but it-it's like what they say about being lost in the desert: it-it all looks the same after awhile. We way overshot our destination, we tried every beach and I don't know, all of a sudden, God just put it in my mind, I guess. But boy, I'm telling you, I'm so dehydrated, I'm about ready to pass out.
14. Clay (3/7): It took 'em four, five hours before we could even see 'em coming around the tip of the rock over, and it was real-real hard and they were real worn out when they got home. You need to be careful out here. I mean, every morning you go around you got sand, you got pretty trees, you got pretty everything. Now, I betcha she doesn't take after Helen like that. I think she's a little worn out, she acts like she wasn't but she (chuckles) could hardly walk.
15. Jake (3/4): I think our shelter is far enough along that we don't have to worry about it anymore. But now, we need food a whole lot worse.
16. Erin (1/2): So we went down towards the end of the beach, towards the cave, and look for shellfish.
17. Jed (2/4): They're gonna go, gather food-- you go one guy or two guys. You don't need five people to go to one spot that's as big as, you know, a kitchen.
18. Erin (2/2): We actually found quite a few oysters. I mean, there's a ton there, it just takes a really long time to crack them off.
19. Shii Ann (1/5): It was great. It's really rewarding to work as a team and everyone was having fun, really focused on one goal. Coming back with all that food, it was so much fun to catch it. I was hoping anyway, that everyone would be so happy, there'd be water boiling and we just throw it in, and we eat the shellfish or whatever, but... it wasn't like that. It was kind of strange.
20. Shii Ann (2/5): Food is one of the things that humans share to show affection for each other, but Stephanie, and Robb, and Jed didn't want to eat any of it. There's so few happy moments here. We're fighting against nature, we're fighting against each other. We all wanna have a good time but before the good times, we have to work together as a team.
21. Jed (3/4): I can't sleep in that little floor bed everyone's building. You can't get sleep on that thing. So me and Steph and Robb slept on the sand.
22. Shii Ann (3/5): I am so glad we had that shelter built, even though it didn't keep all the rain out.
23. Shii Ann (4/5): It's interesting, Jed snubs the shelter and then came to sleep under the shelter.
24. Jed (4/4): I just slept like a baby. Probably got about two drops the whole night. I don't really worry if it's okay with anybody. If I'm going to get that water when people are building shelter, then they need to realize I might sleep underneath their shelter that they've been building.
25. Jake (4/4): I have no earthly idea why Stephanie chose to stay in that hard rain. She said that the coals were warm. She's also told me that she absolutely loves the rain so... (shrugs)
26. Ken (2/2): I think it was very weird that she spent all night sleeping in the torrential rain and it seemed like she was being pigheaded. And right now, she's-she's sick.
27. Shii Ann (5/5): It's not wise to be out in the rain when you have a cold. We can't afford to have her be sick, we'll lose immunity and then the game will really, really begin.
28. Clay (4/7): We looked up the tree and Magilla was sitting right on the tree within a hundred feet from us. Seems like he had come in to sit in for a concert or something. He was that curious, I guess.
29. Helen (5/11): It's my, uh, twentieth wedding anniversary. (tearfully) I'm thinking about my husband today and, uh, you know, it'd be nice to be at home having a candlelight dinner, but he knows where I am and what I'm doing, so (sniffles) we'll celebrate when I get back.
30. Tanya (1/1): Today is Helen's twentieth anniversary with her husband and so she can't be with him. We-we picked some flowers and we're gonna make a little crown for her, for her to wear tonight. It's a secret, she doesn't know about it so... (nods head)
31. Clay (5/7): Well, we went and got some Tree Mail a while ago and it's gotta be for food or some easier way to get food. So it's something you really want to win at this point.
32. Jan (1/1): I think we're all a little bit drained. We needed a morale booster. We didn't get it but we're gonna get 'em, we're gonna get 'em. That's all I have to say.
33. Helen (6/11): I was feeling paranoid all day because I could tell they were keeping me out of things and deliberately, like, going off without me and I was getting really nervous that maybe they were gonna vote me off.
34. Helen (7/11): You know, next to spending it with my husband, it was the nicest thing anybody's ever done so I'll remember that for the rest of my life. And that's why it's hard to vote people off. How are you gonna vote people off after they do that for you?
35. Brian (1/2): Tanya's having a tough time right now adjusting to the survival element. We're trying to slowly nurse her back to health. She needs a lot of rest, she needs some water and a little bit of food-- she hasn't eaten much. So I'm a little concerned about her health.
36. Helen (8/11): This morning we found squid on the beach and, um, I have once in my life bought squid that wasn't clean, so I knew how to do it.
37. Clay (6/7): Helen, everything's serious, serious. I mean, there's no play to it. She's supposed to be some kind of Marine expert, she's kind of got the personality of an encyclopedia. You open it up, there ain't nothing in there fun to read. You-you only open it when you need information.
38. Helen (9/11): I know how to cook squid. I don't care if we don't like it right now. The taste isn't that good. We gotta have food if we're gonna compete, you know?
39. Stephanie (2/2): I might be a little worried about me just because I'm still, honestly, not feeling very well and I have to be able to do something that show the tribe that, you know, I'm still in this.
40. Clay (7/7): We lost again today in the challenge. We didn't lose by very much. We got a couple of dumb, dumb, dumb, dumbass mistakes, as a matter of fact.
41. Brian (2/2): Janie, she just had a little bit of a hard time finding the hook and, uh, that really put us back.
42. Helen (10/11): I think the morale is a little down today. I think we're-we're all trying to keep each others' spirits up. I mean, now we know nobody's-- somebody's going home tonight, you know, that's never good.
43. Ghandia (2/2): I'm not really sure who I'm voting for tonight. It's a tossup. There's somebody who I want to vote for because she's getting on my nerves, which is Helen, and then there's somebody who I don't necessarily want to vote for but I-I think she's ready to go, which is Tanya.
44. Helen (11/11): This is going to be a-a terribly hard vote for me. Everybody loves Tanya, we all love Tanya. That may play in her favor so I think it's one of those nights where it could be anybody.
1. Clay (1/3): We had, uh, two Immunity Challenges and we've lost that, and, uh, Reward Challenges, we've lost that. But our tribe is a family. There's no doubt about it and we're happy. We understood each others' personalities and we like each others' personalities. It-it was a, uh, immediate bond. Everybody, uh, their personalities didn't clash, they clicked.
2. Ghandia (1/6): I was happy that Ted was on my same team. (tearfully) This is the longest I've ever been away from my husband. He's my best friend, my homeboy, everything to me. And Ted, brings that home to me. You know, it's kind of like my husband is here with me chillin' and-and that really made me feel good. And he's so good to hug! (laughs) He's just, he's just cool.
3. Robb (1/6): This definitely gotta be the weakest I've ever felt in my life. This is the most fatigued and most drained I've ever felt. None of us have the energy to do anything.
4. Shii Ann (1/4): We're horrible campers, we're terrible outdoorsmen, we are starving! We're starving. Look at me, I'm, like, Ally McBeal size.
5. Penny (1/1): So far, we haven't been very successful in getting fish in the net. Whether or not we're doing something wrong, I'm not sure, so I'm not so sure how rewarding that net is to us. I'd like a big plate of cheese and crackers. (chuckles)
6. Jake (1/1): You know what? We got the net in that challenge, and we're trying to figure out how to make it work. Nobody's ever lived on the beach, nobody's ever been around the water. We don't really know how to work it.
7. Robb (2/6): You know, it-it's kind of strange to be out here and, um, see where all the fish comes from that I eat every day at home... and not have any idea how to get it. (laughs)
8. Ghandia (2/6): I feel a little tired because I didn't get a lot of sleep last night. I just feel kind of depressed and I feel-- I feel used. Ted and I have gotten close and it always seems that I'm sleeping next to him. And so, last night, hrmm, threw his arm over me and really pulled me close into him. Which was kind of okay with me in the beginning, but, um... he started to, like, really... um, become very kind of sexual. I mean, specifically, he was grinding against-- against me... and he didn't stop. He kept trying to, in my opinion, engage me. I think Ted's actions are inappropriate because he's married and because he just had a baby, like, two weeks ago, (scoffs) and also because he should respect me as a married woman, and respect my marriage also. You can't just do Ghandia like that. You can't. I mean, I-I'm-I'm just not gonna go for it.
9. Ted (1/5): Always been a family and we'll continue to be a family. Even though this incident does exists within our family, quote-unquote family, I think we can pull together. I think we all are going to give 110% in the challenges.
10. Robb (3/6): I don't mind getting beat but after the Reward Challenge, I was so bitter.
11. Shii Ann (2/4): Robb, idiot that he is, he talks so much-- he can't even-- there's no way logical thought goes through his brain 'cause his mouth is always flapping.
12. Robb (4/6): I was a little bit disappointed when I saw what the reward was. I mean, it could have been useful to have the Red Berets maybe help us with our shelter, but otherwise, I mean, I was think-- I was hoping they'd bring, like, a big turkey or something. (chuckles) Something.
13. Ted (2/5): In my readings, before coming to Thailand, I knew that the Red Berets were-were as equivalent to our Green Berets in the US. So I knew that they were gonna teach us how to get food and to helps us survive overall.
14. Clay (2/3): With the reward we won the-the Red Berets. They got to come in and they got to show us everything we could eat on the island. At first, we didn't think we had anything to eat, with three looks around and they showed us a lot. Uh, I'm gonna tell you what, these guys are sharp.
15. Helen (1/3): I swear to God, they can make anything with their knife and bamboo. I mean, it's every time you think they've shown the last thing they go... (mimics chopping sound)
16. Helen (2/3): I'm cooking like I've never seen before, yet everything in that wok is from right here on the beach. Red Berets say you can eat it, so if it's edible, we're eating it.
17. Brian (1/5): Right now, there's a genuine feeling of niceness with all of us. We're all feeling very comfortable with each other so it's not hard to be genuine.
18. Brian (2/5): Once that genuinity, uh, goes away, or the lack of trust, uh, goes away, then there's gonna be problems.
19. Ghandia (3/6): I accepted Ted's apology to his face but then when I had time to think about it, I kind of thought that the excuse he gave me was a little bit disingenuous, a lot disingenuous.
20. Ghandia (4/6): So I just started telling everybody in the tribe what happened because I felt that-- I felt that everybody in the tribe should know what he did and I was a little hard on him in retelling the story to everybody.
21. Ghandia (5/6): But every part of the story that I told was true. The only part that I think I probably left out is that he apologized.
22. Jed (1/1): I wake up today into my little nap after I delegate my duties and there's no fishnet to be found. Me and Robb walked around the beach and searched for it and basically, whoever last was watching it just didn't delegate off duties and let it drift away.
23. Robb (5/6): We figured if we left the net out for a while, we might catch some fish and we might eat and feel good. Well, the damn net floated away. (laughs) We don't know where the net is.
24. Shii Ann (3/4): Those boys took the fishing net out, “We're going to leave it out in the ocean for hours and hours.” Okay, they come back, it's gone! Why? Jed was sleeping! So, because Jed was sleeping and unwilling to get up, the fishing net went bye-bye. It sailed away.
25. Helen (3/3): Today is the first day that I really realized I'm playing Survivor. And I know that sounds silly but I guess I got in the mode out here where I was surviving off the land. I really did. I've been focusing on that and forgetting that there's a game going on here psychologically and you could've blown me away with the Ted and Ghandia thing.
26. Brian (3/5): It was quite a surprise when it got back to me that there's a problem with Ghandia and, uh, Ted and I'm, like, I'm just-- the first thing I'm thinking is that high-- I'm highly disappointed that, uh, somebody's actions. But I don't know what was happening or what wasn't happening. I wanted to, uh, sit back and hear both sides of the story.
27. Brian (4/5): I think one of the, uh, most important skills, especially out here, is just listening, taking it all in, not saying much. Even when you're hungry as heck, hot as heck, emotions are high, you gotta remember to keep that character cool, like Cool Hand Luke, just keep it cool.
28. Brian (5/5): Ted told me that nothing happened, which... uh, he was denying, uh, anything happened which is fine because nothing did happen. I interpreted it as they might have been close but there was no contact. There might have been a hand here or ankle here or earlobe here or something as simple as that. C-case closed. And then I just-- Helen was walking by me, I mentioned that he denied everything. He said nothing happened. Uh, I didn't realize that Helen would run right back to her but I was surprised she went right back to Ghandia and said, “Oh, Brian said that Ted told him nothing happened.”
29. Ghandia (6/6): I heard from Helen that Ted told Brian that nothing happened and something did happen, which really, really set me off.
30. Clay (3/3): That was the most childish act she's done so far here. Ghandia go down the beach and cried hollering and carry on. My two year old did that one time and I whooped his ass and put it back in bed.
31. Ted (3/5): Ghandia was making an issue that was very, very small that could've been handled in a very professional one-on-one manner and has exploded it into an issue that goes beyond me and beyond this game.
32. Ted (4/5): I told all the tribe members to come in together 'cause I was tired of all this, you know, rumors going around and people getting confused or what the facts are, et cetera.
33. Ted (5/5): Drama is the cancer of any team. If the drama continued or if I wasn't straightforward or we didn't have this-this circle of this meeting that we had, I think it would've fractured the tribe completely. And I think we-we-we put a band-aid on it for right now.
34. Erin (1/2): When we started off we didn't think we could've picked a better team. All I know is that the majority of us don't really care on whether or not we win the immunity. We're actually hoping that we lose. We're ready to get rid of some people.
35. Shii Ann (4/4): We just lost immunity... surprise! You see, I can do a logic puzzle from my sleep. That one that we did today... so easy. What happened? I could've stepped in, Jake could've stepped in, but did we step in? No.
36. Robb (6/6): I think the majority of the tribe has decided that Shii Ann is our weakest member. The four girls just doesn't click and it seems like she almost tries too hard.
37. Ken (1/1): We got a few lazy people. I mean, some are trying to hide it better than others, but J-Jed, he's-- it's not that he's not valuable, he's just flat-out lazy. He doesn't do anything, he lays around all day. See, it-it's different to be just lazy and not help us, but he's lazy and hurting us.
38. Erin (2/2): We need to have some type of harmony while we're out here when we got all the other odds against us: the rain, the heat, no food, you know, not much water. So we need to have some kind of unity out here and with certain people we really don't feel like we have that so we rather just get rid of 'em.
1. Robb (1/4): We had Tribal Council and, uh, I was pretty shocked with the outcome. To be completely honest, I originally thought that Shii Ann was gonna be the one voted off but, um, this goes to show you, man, nothing is set in stone out here.
2. Penny (1/1): I voted for Jed because that's what the majority wanted to do. Jed was trying to run the show around here, being the leader, and wouldn't take anyone else's advice if it wasn't his way, and I think we made a good choice.
3. Stephanie (1/3): They got rid of Jed, piss on 'em. I really couldn't believe it. I mean, I was shocked. As hard as this is right now, I don't think you'd get rid of the people who are helping you.
4. Shii Ann (1/3): We were gonna go and look for food when the tide got a little bit lower but there was a bunch of squid on the beach and, um, Stephanie found it.
5. Stephanie (2/3): You know, I don't understand them at all with food right in front of their face and whine about being hungry. That just disgust me.
6. Shii Ann (2/3): I don't know what Stephanie's problem is. Honestly, I think she just feels like she is doing all of the work which is totally not true, and I think she just feels like we're all idiots, which again is not true.
7. Erin (1/1): Stephanie with her attitude, nobody wants that around. You know, we have enough of-of other elements going against us, the rain, the wind, you know, not having any food, and then-then to have someone be grumpy like that. If I was in her position, I would just suck it up and try to, you know, fit in as well as I could so that I can stay on the island.
8. Jan (1/3): People are getting tired. There's some people on edge. Since the incident with Ted and Ghandia the mood's a little bit mellow. It's kind of a... unspoken it. No one's gonna mention it again because they had their talk. Everybody was there so each person has to process both sides and then they have to handle it themselves. But the mood is different, um, it's not as jovial as it used to be.
9. Ghandia (1/4): I think it's stupid the way Ted is acting. It's absolutely asinine. And if Ted really wants to let it go then he would let it go, and then it would be cool. But Ted is set in an atmosphere if Ghandia comes around, don't say nothing, don't laugh, you know? It's just-- it's really-- it's really crappy. I-I can't make him talk to me, that's his choice, that's how he's dealing with his anger, not talking to me, not looking at me, trying to ignore me completely like I'm not even here. So as a result of that, people who he's hangin' around with, adopt that same behavior. It's a really bad feeling. I feel like as a body, if Chuay Gahn was a body, that I'm the arm that got bit off by a shark and now is not there anymore.
10. Ted (1/1): Uh, the relationship between Ghandia and I-- I-I don't talk to her, I don't look at her, I don't do anything with her. Initially, I thought she was a very nice person, however, when, uh, she tried to exploit my family and really tried to damage my-my name, my character, et cetera, uh, it was a totally different outlook that I had for her. And so, as far as I'm considered, she's nonexistent. I only see five people on this island, and I hope I never ever, ever see her again in my life. I-I-I really can't stand her.
11. Clay (1/4): When I first saw Ghandia, I didn't like her. I mean, when I first saw I said, “This is a problem woman.” I was hoping she wasn't going to be on my tribe. I-I saw a lot of trouble in Ghandia.
12. Clay (2/4): Do I feel sorry for Ghandia? Hell, no! I'm ready to get her ass back in Denver as quick as I can. If they can get a fast jet here she needs to get on to get the hell out of here for my sake.
13. Helen (1/5): I did work for the Rape Crisis Center for a number of years. I do believe Ghandia's story. Um, I don't believe Ted's side. Ted wants to believe Ted's side. The guys will believe Ted's side. And there's where between the sexes, there's a conflict of understanding. Did Ghandia maybe give Ted the wrong impression by being as free as she is? Maybe. Is that an excuse for doing what he did? No. Somewhere in the middle there lies the truth.
14. Clay (3/4): When I first walked around there and saw that big ol dummy I was like, “Gosh! What in the-- in the world is going on?” At first, I started just to pick up the dummy and leave but you can't drag that thing. It probably weighs a couple of hundred pounds.
15. Helen (2/5): Clay went over and start yelling Tree Mail which came with a pretty bruised up nasty looking banana, but out here it looked like heaven.
16. Ghandia (2/4): I think we are ready for this challenge. The whole tribe really came together and put our creative caps on and we really, like, hooked it up, and I think we just really did a good job.
17. Shii Ann (3/3): Yeah, decorating the tribe member was interesting. It ended up being Stephanie doing almost all the work. It was not a team effort at all. I just sat back, Ken just sat back, Jake sat back, Penny sat back. Oh, Stephanie didn't want any help. No, she didn't want any help. And he looks great, don't get me wrong, but it was by no means a team effort.
18. Ken (1/1): For the Reward Challenge today we definitely want to win for two reasons. The two reasons would be we don't wanna die and second, would be because we wanna, you know, get the morale back up.
19. Clay (4/4): As far as the other tribe goes, they beat us pretty good and I know Ghandia and Jan, uh, they got about halfway through the course and they-they were finished. Ted, Brian, both kind of might've mentioned that, “We looked down two or three times and Ghandia was pulling, pushing backwards on the dummy to get herself up the hill.” That's when I changed positions 'cause it-- the way it was going it wasn't going to work. We didn't have a chance in hell.
20. Ghandia (3/4): I think, maybe from Ted and Clay's perspective, I think they're just trying to blame other people, you know, “Somebody didn't carry their weight,” you know, “Janie was not strong enough, Ghandia lost her sandal,” you know, that's kind of how they do. They like to finger point and do that kind of bull.
21. Robb (2/4): Banana, it was sweet and it was soft and it was warm and so good.
22. Stephanie (3/3): I think everybody is feeling really elated right now. I mean, my energy level went from like it's-- a ten being the top, I was at about at a two, you know, and I'm pushing six now. So, you know, I feel pretty good. When we got back to camp from our challenge, we found four chickens and some feed for 'em so we're gonna see if they lay some eggs for us, and if they don't then we'll just pull their heads off and (chuckles) eat 'em at some point in time.
23. Robb (3/4): All of us were super excited to see that we had chicken. It's like a food source that'll never go bad.
24. Robb (4/4): I feel amazing, nourished, happy, thankful, about every good emotion you could imagine feeling. Things aren't so bad out here, man.
25. Jan (2/3): I'm starting to feel that there's tension with the workload. The men aren't pulling their weight or offering, “Can I help do something?” It appears to me that the men are-are kind of (…). They go out and fish, they come back, their day is over. Well, then the women have to clean the house, make sure it's all tidy, do the breakfast, do the lunch, clean up, do the dishes, come-- you know? So after a while, especially when everybody is supposed to be working, that would get on your nerves.
26. Brian (1/1): Well, I think that's just a natural transition in life, um, ladies in the kitchen and the men take care of business and do all the fishing. Um, that resorts back to thousands and thousands of years. Like, it's right here we're in the jungle, we're back in the good old days and, uh, it's just they naturally went to their duties which is cooking and cleaning and, uh, actually, I got some clothes I got-- I haven't washed too. Let me go and talk-- “Ladies, um...”
27. Helen (3/5): Now you can stand there and, you know, start demanding that they help. What's that gonna do for me? (scoffs) Get me the next vote off. You gotta play the game. I-- I'm telling ya, I worked with guys long enough... sometimes you gotta swallow some of that to stay alive.
28. Helen (4/5): We really have split into a men's/women's group. Do it with Ted, you're dealing with a macho, has been, football player who's still living in those glory days. And it's-- that's almost hard for any woman to break into that as a friend, um, or as a teammate. Then you got Clay, who's from an era and an area that again, doesn't view woman as an equal... never gonna happen. And Ghandia is-- she-- it's starting to get to her. I understand why, fully understand why, but I just don't see a need right now to cause discord in camp. We-we need to focus on our next challenge and we need everybody working together.
29. Ghandia (4/4): Uh, we have to go to Tribal Council and, you know, that's just it. I don't feel good about it. As far as my vote is concerned, it's a tossup between Ted and Clay. They're basically like Mutt and Jeff, Frick and Frack, you know, they're joined at the hip. So I need to explain and express to the other two women that that's our best chance of survival... is if there's a 3-3 tie, like, three people vote for Clay, three people vote for me. Three people vote for Ted, three people vote for me. Otherwise, we're just gonna get picked off like flies.
30. Jan (3/3): I feel Clay needs to go. Um, I think he's-he's t-tearing the team apart. I think it's guys on one side, the girls on the other, and I think he's the main team-splitter. We're not a team anymore and I think he's tired. Uh, he naps a lot. I just think it's time for him to go and maybe we could heal some of our wounds and come back as a team.
31. Helen (5/5): Honestly, right now, I'm still (...) in between, and this is where the game gets ugly because, unfortunately, this is where the competitive part wants to come in. I wanna stay, I wanna play, but it would mean voting Ghandia off tonight. And am I going to be happy with that? 'Cause I do believe her side of the story. Um, and Clay and Ted are doing less and less every day, it's very obvious. Um, I am the swing and I never thought I'd be the swing vote but... I need to think about it for me. I really-- I've heard all the arguments, I know all the arguments. I live here, I know the facts. I don't know. I mean, I may not even make it up until I pull the cap off the pen.
1. Clay (1/5): It was a very interesting Tribal Council. It was a shocker. We knew that Jan was being manipulated by, uh, Ghandia but we didn't know just-just how much. Why in the hell she vote for me? That, uh... didn't make a whole lot of sense. Her head is the one that's going to be out the next time. She's the next one to go.
2. Jan (1/2): Uh, I voted for Clay, probably knows it was me. He doesn't forgive or forget so I know I'm next to go. Helen said she was gonna vote for Clay but she did not. It's her vote, she can choose to change it and I think she changed it.
3. Helen (1/4): I-I know the gi-- the girls are gonna think I betrayed 'em and I'm just gonna have to live with that, but it was one of those necessary evils. It had to be done but it wasn't enjoyable to do and, um, if that gets me further ahead then so be it.
4. Penny (1/4): We've already decided that when we woke up, as soon as we heard the rooster crow, we were gonna get up and we were gonna eat, you know, one of the chickens this morning.
5. Stephanie (1/4): I got up and grabbed him and-and held him while Jake, you know, broke his neck and then we proceeded to, uh, boil a pot of water, put him in there to loosen the feathers up and plucked the feathers out of him. Then we just boiled him for like an hour.
6. Shii Ann (1/5): It was so tasty. It was probably, I mean, it was so tough it was like eating leather a little bit, but it was the best tasting chicken I've ever had in my entire life.
7. Robb (1/2): Shii Ann had a feast. She ate lungs, and intestines, and necks, and picked the bones till there was nothing left. I don't know, her eating habits are just repulsive. She licks her fingers too much and tries and reaches back in and grabs stuff everybody else is eating. (shakes head) She's gross.
8. Shii Ann (2/5): Culturally, it's not an American thing to eat like, necks, and hearts, and gizzards, and stuff like that. Most people don't eat that stuff. In my family, the heart is great eats, you know? I grew up partly in Taiwan. In Taiwan, it's considered a great snack.
9. Clay (2/5): Crabs, very slim. It's hard. I don't see 'em running. I mean, you-you don't see 'em, and that's, you know, if I could see 'em just running off at least I'd know there's some up here, and right now, I don't see 'em running off. So, uh, it-it's very frustrating. Boy, I would like... I would like one just a little bit of that taste right now. It'd be wonderful.
10. Ted (1/5): Our food situation is-is-is getting pretty bad, and we're missing out on a lot of things. I mean, we have to get fish. We have to get fish.
11. Ted (2/5): Brian and I went out fishing today just to see where we are, if we're still together, if we're still really in an alliance with each other.
12. Ted (3/5): He's confirmed that yes, he is totally committed to me all the way to the end and I'm totally committed to him all the way to the end.
13. Brian (1/4): It's the, uh, thinking before you speak and act that's extremely important. So, you just have to remind yourself every day what you're doing out here. I know I'm, uh, very low-key, very subtle, and very shark-like-- very swift, move when I need to move, speak when I need to speak. Try to be a part of that majority however which way I can. Win that favoritism, win that friendship and then keep moving forward.
14. Penny (2/4): I actually felt like our first real day off since we've been here and we had all day to relax. We've had eaten a chicken early in the morning and, you know, we felt like, we could lay in the sun, you know, we all went in the water and played a little bit.
15. Jake (1/4): Four of us were out in the water just kind of goosing around, just enjoying the after-effects of a nice chicken and kind of a easy day 'cause we really didn't have a whole lot to do, when we heard Robb scream... I mean, that's nothing unusual for Robb so nobody thought too much about it early. But then we noticed as he was coming out of the beach that blood was kind of coming out of his foot.
16. Jake (2/4): We were all, uh, kind of wondering what to do, uh, and ended up putting his foot in hot water.
17. Erin (1/2): You don't necessarily know what's out there. It could've been something poisonous, it could've been something that could've been lethal for Robb.
18. Jake (3/4): I think probably what happened to him was he was waiting without any kind of shoes on at all, he probably pushed off on a stingray and got his stinger in his foot.
19. Shii Ann (3/5): He's like a little baby. He's like, throwing a little temp-- (imitates baby) “Ow, it hurts!,” throwing a little temper tantrum on the ground. It's like, God, you know, like, just be a mature person in this, “Yeah, it hurts,” okay, just, “Ouch.”
20. Robb (2/2): Shii Ann, she seems to be the know-it-all expert on every single subject we talk about. I get hit by something in the ocean and hurt my foot, and... (chuckles) she said, “Getting stung by a stingray is absolutely excruciating.” And I look at her and I go... and she goes, “No.” And I wanted to say, “Well then how the (expletive censor) would you know?! Shut up and go get me some water!” (laughs)
21. Penny (3/4): I know we also have to worry about sharks out there. There are also snakes around here that we have to worry about. And so I think, kind of being aware of your surroundings, definitely is key being in this environment.
22. Brian (2/4): Ted said, “Ol Betsy is gone.” I had to think of who Ol Betsy is for a second. Then I realized it's the big orange monster.
23. Clay (3/5): If we don't find that boat, just for to make it easier to go get water, I don't know what we're gonna do. And, uh, everyday we-we've been, uh, using it to trying to fish some more, you know, 'cause we-we're getting hungrier-- hungry for that meat.
24. Helen (2/4): What do you mean we lost the boat?! (gestures tantrum) So, I guess it wasn't tied up well enough.
25. Clay (4/5): Could you imagine if I've been the one that tied that boat up? How it'd been all my fault? There ain't a person up in that camp said anything about, “Well, Ted, you should've tied it this way.” Right now, I definitely think he's responsible for the boat. I think he should've tied it a lot further upper bank.
26. Ted (4/5): The boat is a key, key piece to our survival here. Um, will we actually be unable to survive without the boat? Well, we'll make the best that we can, and we-we just at this point have to hope.
27. Clay (5/5): I never thought that I would get this hungry. If you give me a-a chance right now to have a hamburger and french fries (…) over sex, I'd take the hamburger and french fries with no question and never look back.
28. Shii Ann (4/5): Does everyone know I hate this tribe? I wanna leave? I was so tempted to switch tribes, so tempted.
29. Stephanie (2/4): My immediate reaction was like, “I gotta do this.” You know, I was looking at the other tribe and I was really wanting to go and I just didn't.
30. Helen (3/4): Hmm... thought about it. I'll stay where I am, but if I were Jan I would've hop on it in a heartbeat. She knows that they know that she voted against Clay the other night.
31. Jan (2/2): I'm gonna stick with my tribe. That's the tribe I want, that's the one I'm on and I either sink with them or I swim with them.
32. Penny (4/4): Stephanie definitely has changed the last couple of days. She's been around the tribe a little bit more and she's been more helpful and she's wanted to participate in all the things that we do. I think Stephanie probably feels a little bit concerned about where she does stand in this tribe, so maybe she is trying to make up for how she treated us before.
33. Stephanie (3/4): You know, just because I'm not running out and hugging, and loving, and touching, feeling all over-- but, I mean, I'm not like that a whole lot anyway. The reason that there's, I think, the niceness is being spread around is 'cause everyone's not starving to death. I mean, starve to death will make you an ass... I mean, it will.
34. Brian (3/4): Jan, kind of knows that she's next. I don't want to see her go but if we have to make a decision, ultimately, that's the way the decision's gonna go. Let's hope that we can win it.
35. Ted (5/5): And I tell you, that boat was a major help to us. Today we had a challenge for immunity. We just have to basically suck it up and do what we have to do as far as getting our water which is to swim over to the hole and back.
36. Helen (4/4): There was a little bit of talk about, “Are you sure? You can wait til tomorrow.” I'm like, “No, we can't wait til tomorrow!” We're out of water and we don't know what our challenge is today. If nothing else, we have got to stay hydrated. I would prefer to have the boat but I can swim over to get water. My only fear is you gotta make sure you don't swim and exhaust yourself for challenge 'cause you never know.
37. Brian (4/4): Immunity we must win.
38. Stephanie (4/4): When we had the sixty seconds of silence where we could decide whether we wanted to jump tribes I wish I had. (sighs) I would have a better chance over there and I think that I would have more fun over there. I really do. Everybody's kind of pretty much blah around here and I'm pretty much feel as like they're out to get me. I could be wrong but I feel like I'm next.
39. Erin (2/2): Days are going pretty well. The only kind of dysfunction we have going on right now is with Shii Ann... and I don't even think she really knows that we even have that much of a dysfunction going on with her.
40. Jake (4/4): I don't know what it is that Shii Ann does that irritates other people but it's something. Uh, she doesn't irritate me and the reason she doesn't irritate me is because she works. And Shii Ann to me, is just one of the all-time good ones as far as that goes.
41. Shii Ann (5/5): Which one of these things is not like the other? Okay, I'm the only minority on this island. I forgotten how culturally different I am from the mass of America. So, I'm sticking out like a sore thumb.
1. Penny (1/5): I think in this game, you have to take it day by day. Trust is something that does shift, especially as you do get further in the game because we're all here for a million dollars.
2. Penny (2/5): This morning when I got up, Robb said, “Penny, let me ask you a question.” He said, “Were you ever planning on voting me out last night?” And I said, “Absolutely not, 100% never was I gonna write your name down last night.” And he said, “Well, you know, that's kind of funny because Ken said that you were gonna vote for me or for Stephanie.”
3. Penny (3/5): So I think Robb's got very upset this morning thinking that maybe Ken is playing two different sides.
4. Robb (1/8): I was questioning Ken's trust and Ken's loyalty. I didn't know if he was trying to mix everything up and I didn't know what he was trying to achieve so... I confronted him on it.
5. Ken (1/3): I have no idea what started that. I didn't know for the first five minutes that it was even directed towards me. And once I realized it was directed towards me, I thought he was kidding.
6. Jan (1/2): I didn't hate the fact that the boat's gone. It's really not a bad swim to the water source, it's just, it's still three miles. You know, it pulls on your energy somewhat, whether you're aware of it or not.
7. Helen (1/4): The boat has been a sore spot for everybody since we got here. And then the last time we used it, um, the guys thought that they had it pretty secure but the tide rose very high and took our boat in the middle of the night. The last several days it's been, uh, a mystery, you know, “Where is the boat? Is the boat gonna float back? Is the boat sunk? Is the boat on another shore?”
8. Clay (1/5): The only other place it could be is over this island across, you know, a mile over there. And, uh, so we decided to swim over and look around for the boat.
9. Helen (2/4): I think they got hopes that maybe they'll find the boat over there but, you know, Brian is a good swimmer, but even good swimmers get into trouble. Um, the other two are not even what I would classify as swimmers. Um, Clay did take a float with them and Ted was just out there on his own.
10. Ted (1/6): This is the most swimming I've ever done in my life. And each day, my skills are getting better and better and better and better. I'm just at whale speed... whale speed.
11. Clay (2/5): The harder we swam, it just seemed like, uh, we weren't going nowhere. The island was getting further away or staying right there, we wouldn't leaving this beach and, it got about halfway there and I was, “Man, I-I'm not too sure I'm too proud I've decided to come do this.”
12. Clay (3/5): And then, you know, you're there, you're only halfway through 'cause you gotta turn around and come back. Oh, man, if I had a little bitty pillow I'd lay down on that island and stay right there.
13. Brian (1/3): I just swam ahead, uh, trying to find out if there was another beach around the actual point of the island to see if I could find that boat-- no boat in sight anywhere.
14. Clay (4/5): It's not here. As far as I know, it's not in this whole side of the world. It's-it's gone. I don't think, you know, we'll talk about that boat no more.
15. Ken (2/3): We all had agreed to not touch the bananas. Wait till they get ripe because Robb's capable of eating thirty bananas a day, Penny's not, so we're gonna do it in a fair manner.
16. Robb (2/8): I was hungry so I had a banana. I don't think anyone wants to have to ask somebody if they can have a banana. We want 'em, we're gonna enjoy 'em. We worked really hard for that food, but Ken just took it upon himself to be the policeman out here.
17. Penny (4/5): Shii Ann started to get in the middle of it and I said, “Shii Ann, stay out of it. We don't need you involved. We need to stay focused. Let the two of them figure it out.” But why they continue to act like children? I'm not really sure, but I think we all need to leave them alone, really, and let the two of them work it out.
18. Ted (2/6): A loss isn't blamed on a single person or a single event. We all gave our best, it just, in this case, our best wasn't good enough.
19. Helen (3/4): It was hot out on the beach. There was a lot of, uh, running around. I think our guys were tired 'cause they swam all the way over to the other island looking for the boat. You know, there were some tempers flying and I lost mine a little bit too and, you know, the heat of the game.
20. Ted (3/6): You know, it was a heartfelt loss, especially considering what the reward was. I'm assuming they're going to somewhere where there's going to be a Thai festival type of atmosphere. I don't know. Whatever it is, it's better than coming back and pulling clams off of rocks.
21. Robb (3/8): You couldn't imagined a more perfect setting and a more perfect feast laid out in front of us. There was all the little things you never knew meant so much... cold water with iced cubes, and clean plates, and forks, and napkins to wipe our faces.
22. Erin (1/3): I didn't expect something that ornate, that extravagant. I mean, I felt I was royalty sitting there.
23. Penny (5/5): Robb was definitely a key factor in our Reward Challenge in us having that fabulous Thai food and if there was an MVP award we could give, he would've won it for sure.
24. Shii Ann (1/2): It was just so wonderful to be able to see some of Thai culture, to see the dancing and hear the music. I mean, I felt like, just for a second that we were just maybe even friends just there enjoying each other, and enjoying the meal, and put aside the game, and that very rarely happens for Sook Jai. So, it was really nice.
25. Ted (4/6): We need the immunity bad. Right now, Sook Jai is up six members-- we have five members. If we can win an immunity one more time, then they have to come down to five, and then it's just gonna almost be like starting all over again.
26. Brian (2/3): Ted and I have still a very strong relationship. We have a certain lingo that when we talk about we both know exactly where our heads at. What we really wanna do is just kind of be very low-keyed. No one needs to know of our strong friendship and we're kind of just saying if anybody is playing us.
27. Ted (5/6): Clay doesn't know about the verbal alliance between Brian and myself which we established from Day 1. If Clay does find out or if anyone else finds out that we do have an alliance it could bite us and it could ruin our game plan for the rest of the game.
28. Robb (4/8): Had an amazing meal yesterday. Eating on the beach and watching the Thai dancers when the guys played the music... it was amazing. I think it opened my mind a little bit. This whole experience already, is not that I've been taking it for granted, but I think I could appreciate it a little bit more.
29. Robb (5/8): Today, Ken and I took a walk into the jungle and walked back further than I've been since I've been here.
30. Robb (6/8): When we walked to the cave, there's bats flying all over the place inside and I-I walked back kind of far in there and looked back. Just amazing. To be able to walk and find such a beautiful place that we've been taking for granted.
31. Robb (7/8): I had so much thinking about, “I'll never be here again in my life,” and just puts everything in perspective that much more. Ken and I really squashed the beef and really had, I mean, an amazing enough conversation that he made me make sense to myself. You know, not many people have done that.
32. Ken (3/3): Robb and I really don't have too many differences, it's just that he's a young kid. He just needs-- and that's why I took him out there to talk to him, that's it, you know, just get his head straight because I know he's not doing too well out here.
33. Robb (8/8): We definitely made peace. It was good. I guess it was like, hanging out with an older brother.
34. Helen (4/4): Jan was all upset 'cause she found this, uh, really, err, I would not even call it a baby bat yet, it was still embryonic stage, um, slimy little baby bat thing. You know, I feel bad if a kitten died but I'm looking at this slimy bat going, “Oh, yeah, okay, that's real sad, you know, bury that thing before flies get all over it.”
35. Brian (3/3): She wanted to have a funeral and name it Oscar and was quite sad about the little bat that, uh, I was curious if we could eat it or not-- that was my first words out of my mouth. But again, I don't know if that's just Jan not being emotional or if, uh, she's actually losing it a little bit out here.
36. Jan (2/2): I know it's silly but I feel sorry for him. So, I buried him and he's happy (laughs) and I'll quit crying in a minute. But I'm very sensitive so, especially about little animals that are-- don't have a chance so...
37. Ted (6/6): I mean, today we received an interesting Tree Mail and I think this one is gonna be more of a mental challenge, no matter what it is.
38. Clay (5/5): The merge has to be happening in the next three to four days so it's extremely important that this tribe wins 'cause if it doesn't, they can sit there and pick us off one by one and get down to just their tribe.
39. Jake (1/3): We lost the Immunity Challenge. Everybody's really bummed out about that 'cause we really wanted to win it.
40. Erin (2/3): We decided to open up our wine that we had from our food reward, and just kind of came to grips with the fact that we're gonna have to get rid of someone.
41. Erin (3/3): Everyone just kind of sat down and poured out their feelings which is something that we really haven't done. But Robb, talked about, you know, what he's learned by being here and it-it really made us all think.
42. Jake (2/3): I love people and I like to see people make breakthroughs in their own lives like I know Robb has. I think I'll be meaningful for him for the rest of his life.
43. Shii Ann (2/2): We had a great time last night. Lot of words were said that were never said before so it's kind of... it's kind of sappy but really sweet at the same time. But, is it a love fest? Is it a love tribe? I don't think so. I think it was a little alcohol, a little bit of remorse for losing the game. I don't think it changes the politics here. I don't think that Penny and Erin trust me one bit more than I trust them. This is a game and strategically, we are still divided.
44. Jake (3/3): Voting at Tribal Council is terribly painful for me. Just like this morning, I didn't want to kill that chicken but I knew that it's just one of those things that we know we have to do and as painful as it is somebody has to go.
1. Erin (1/4): This is by far, one of the hardest things I've ever done. You've made bonds with these people and you do feel bad when you have to vote them out because they are your family for right now. But, I don't necessarily feel completely, uh, confident with any single person in the tribe. So I am kind of maybe keeping an eye on Ken and keeping an eye on Shii Ann. I think those two are probably the-the-the two that I'm going to keep my eye on the most at this point.
2. Ken (1/5): I'm watching Penny because she's sneaky. I know her M.O., her method of operation, I can see it. She's all over. I can just picture her in high school, I-I know how she was when she was in high school. I see how she operates.
3. Shii Ann (1/11): Ken was pretty upset about Penny's manipulative ways, even though he knows that that's the way she is, he doesn't like it when the table turned. Going to a merge, he's strong, he's gonna be a huge target.
4. Shii Ann (2/11): Oh, my God, Tree Mail was paints and we were told to pick a color and to start painting ourselves and we didn't really know what it was for. We figured it had something to do with a merge but, uh, we didn't really know.
5. Jan (1/3): And so Jeff called out the color and the people got with the person that had the same body paint. So Clay and Shii Ann got the same, Penny and Brian ended up with the same color, Erin and Teddy got the same color, Helen and Ken ended up the same color, and, as luck would have it, Jake and I ended up the same paint and that was real funny 'cause we were the original ones to have pick the tribes.
6. Brian (1/5): We had a picnic on the beach, found out a little about each other, found out a little bit about the tribe, found out how they were living.
7. Clay (1/3): Well, me and my, uh, partner, Shii Ann had to pick up the basket. It had another note in says, that she was to come visit my camp and the other couple got a note in their basket says, go look at the other tribe's camp.
8. Helen (1/3): My first impression of Sook Jai was I was incredibly struck with how well they had built their structure. And then the second thing, of course was, “Where's your waterhole?” “Oh, it's around the corner.” I'm like, “It's what?!”
9. Ken (2/5): I was one of the ambassadors who took Helen back to the Sook Jai camp and, um, I just-- I listened, I didn't tell her much, I just listened because let's face it, this is my enemy.
10. Helen (2/3): I am suspicious New Englander and he's a New York cop, and I didn't want to be the one that gave up all our secrets to the cop to take back to spread around to Sook Jai.
11. Shii Ann (3/11): At first, my strategy was going to be just let him talk, get the scoop on Chuay Gahn, but as soon as I got to Chuay Gahn it was like, I don't know, it was like, because I've been so pent up for 18 days I just spilled my gut.
12. Clay (2/3): I learned some stuff from Shii Ann that, uh, some things that are going over on their camp and, uh, what are some of the personalities that clash and all the-the problems they had over.
13. Shii Ann (4/11): So, I gave him the down-lo on what was going on at Sook Jai and all the crap that I had to endure and... and, uh, I found him to be very sympathetic.
14. Helen (3/3): And it ended up being a merge. So, when we landed as a group with Sook Jai, we did the same thing we did when we landed as Chuay Gahn. We all put our hands together in a big circle and said, “We're now a family. We're gonna-- we're gonna work as a family.”
15. Erin (2/4): We got back here there was brie and crackers, and we had some rice noodles which were awesome. We also found grapes, and apples, and wine and we just went nuts. I mean, our faces lit up. We couldn't believe it.
16. Brian (2/5): Well, it's great to welcome everyone in my kingdom. I love, uh, opening up my house, mi casa es tu casa. They're in my house now. I've already got the home court advantage.
17. Jan (2/3): It was a huge successful merger of two tribes and they came up with a name Chuay Jai. They put, uh, the first and the last together is what they came up with.
18. Erin (3/4): Everyone went out and tried to kind of wipe off their paint and those of us from Sook Jai are-- we're kind of just trying-trying to assess the situation, just see how they lived over here. And Chuay Gahn was extremely hospitable trying-- really trying to make us feel at home.
19. Ken (3/5): Shii Ann is smiling again. She took a lot of abuse at the other camp at the hands of Robb, at the hands of Penny. I mean, flat out abuse. And now Penny's like, you know, trying to figure out what's going on, trying to figure out Shii Ann's angle... which, you know, that's Penny. What are you gonna do?
20. Penny (1/1): The bottom line is you can say we're all family and that's great, but no matter what, everyone's thinking caps are still on and watching everybody and, you know, I'm really trying to see, you know, kinda feeling out my boundaries and where I fit in with this group.
21. Shii Ann (5/11): When I got here, it was just like, breathing for the first time or it just-- it just felt so good to-to make friends, you know? It just felt so nice to just meet new people who-who didn't judge you.
22. Shii Ann (6/11): I would say the entire tribe of Sook Jai, except for Jake and Ken, have done their best to socially ostracize me and, uh... and basically torture me, you know? (laughs) In-in the worst way, in a social way.
23. Ted (1/5): Ever since the merge it has been extremely interesting. I mean, we even had, um, Shii Ann, um, coming to us saying how appreciative she was of us of merging and I said, “Well, we have a family atmosphere here and if you'd like to join our family we would like to have you.”
24. Erin (4/4): This is just nuts being over here. It's totally different than I ever expected. While we were over at Sook Jai we were thinking, “God, how boring their tribe must be.” I never would have expected any of this. I was really amazed. I already feel at home.
25. Brian (3/5): Jan... (chuckles) Jan, uh... well, Jan's a-a lush and she admits it.
26. Shii Ann (7/11): We sang campfire songs and it was really fun. And for one day out of 20, I wasn't thinking about the game.
27. Ted (2/5): I don't drink alcohol so for me, it's always funny seeing people get drunk. Brian, got on the guitar and played the worst thing I've ever heard.
28. Ted (3/5): He's talking about the moons, and girls, and this and that. I was like, “Oh, no! No! He's-he's gone. He's a goner.”
29. Ted (4/5): So I had to get up with him and, you know, walk him right out the beach and let him get air and stuff like that and kind of stay with him to make sure he was alright. The situation just basically reaffirmed our bond to each other, not only as alliance members but as friends.
30. Ted (5/5): It was amazing that he still had that strategy in his-- in his mind even though he was drunk. And we already have a game plan in place. He has my back as much as I have his back.
31. Brian (4/5): Actually, last night was, uh, quite eventful. We had a little party by the fire and I think I had, uh, too much wine so my night was a little bit, uh, strange. I think I was hurling. I was, uh, talking to my good friend Hurling Freddy. So I happen to hurl too much wine and a little too many crackers but, uh, at the same time shows everyone I'm human and, uh... uh, I'm one of them.
32. Brian (5/5): I've got a very subtle form of leadership. It's very low-key, it's very understated and I know exactly what's going on. For an hour or two I didn't last night, but most of the time I do. I know there's some cattiness involved with the girls. I know that maybe Shii Ann is not too happy with her tribe. We'll see if I can use her a part of-- as part of my kingdom. I'm not sure yet.
33. Shii Ann (8/11): I had a very dramatic morning. Chuay Gahn guys are asking me if I'm on board with them to go six against Penny to vote her out. Ken woke up and started asking me what's going on with me, if I was gonna switch to the Chuay Gahn side? I just said, you know, “I'm really confused,” and I am, and, you know, “I don't know what-what to do.”
34. Shii Ann (9/11): I told Chuay Gahn that I'm... I'm on board. I told them to their face that I'm on board. I'm working a deal, I'm voting Penny out.
35. Shii Ann (10/11): I've not firmly said that I was gonna vote for Penny. I've talked to Ken about it but I feel like it would be the right thing to do to let them know that I'm not voting with them. But at the same time, I'm not sure that it would be wise to do that.
36. Ken (4/5): I had a conversation with Shii Ann-- I-I-- hey look, if she does like, turn on the whole voting strategy, she-she's good for the rest of election be considered a rat.
37. Ken (5/5): In fact, we're even-numbered here, five and five. Now you're gonna give them an advantage thinking, you know, because you're-- because you're like a little snake now they're gonna like, invite you in? That shows disloyalty from the beginning. She's making herself an outcast on both sides at this point.
38. Shii Ann (11/11): I don't think I'm gonna discuss this with Ken anymore. Right now, he's-he's really doing his interrogation routine. His, I mean, he-- the policeman is coming out and he's-he's really in a way trying to intimidate me and at this point I'm willing to gamble on voting out Penny and Erin and just seeing what happens with the Chuay Gahn tribe.
39. Clay (3/3): Now we're combined and when we're at a challenge for immunity we go at it individual. If I win tonight, I-I'm gonna put something around my neck, I cannot be voted for and I cannot be kicked off of that Tribal Council.
40. Jan (3/3): Well, we had another challenge but there-- it was a trick! (laughs) We thought it was a merge of the two tribes and of course when we got there, to our surprise, it was not a merge. We are still two tribes vying for, uh, immunity.
1. Penny (1/2): Shii Ann was plotting against me to the other tribe and I thought she had succeeded and I pretty much, you know, had already said my goodbyes. I couldn't have been happier to hear that it was tribe against tribe because I knew with Sook Jai, I was still safe.
2. Ken (1/5): Well, Penny absolutely feels she needs to do damage control and I would too if I were her. Eh, she is definitely walking on eggshells but she has been since the second we got here. So, she has to-- she has to undo the damage that's already been done and then try to go on from there.
3. Ted (1/4): They were dead on with their accusation and-and I knew that they knew. I mean, it's-it's true... if Shii Ann would've came over, uh, we would've voted on Penny off.
4. Brian (1/6): I think it was a little bit of a, you-- of an act. They kind of knew what was going on with her too and, uh, they just wanted to act more surprised than they were. So we kind of knew that and we're all kind of going, “Okay, a-ha, whatever.”
5. Brian (2/6): Of course, when I-- when I look in Sook Jai, I see enemy. I see other tribe. I see who we've been competing with for these last, uh, so many weeks here. I can't just all of a sudden, “Oh, great! One happy family. I love you, guys.” Hello! Uh, it's not gonna happen. They're gonna have to earn that respect, they're gonna have to earn that trust, they're gonna have to gain my trust. I'm kind of seeing who's doing what or who's not doing what and kind of feeling them out and it's still sort of like, sleeping with the enemy. So that's a little bit of a weird feeling.
6. Ted (2/4): Me and my observation is just simply, Penny is really going out of her way to be superbly, overtly nice, um, to the point where it doesn't feel genuine. It feels... it feels fake.
7. Jan (1/3): Penny could be a threat for anybody in this game, absolutely. I think she, uh, uses being very cute and very sweet to her advantage in the game and, why not? It's part of her tools, part of the package.
8. Clay (1/4): Penny is a cute, sweet, little girl. She thinks her looks and her little talent can get whatever she wants out of men. Well... I'm forty-six, she ain't getting (expletive censor) from this one. She has tried to butter me up, she has tried to butter Brian up and she has tried to butter Ted up. And every time she starts on one of us, we all just kind of go cut our eyes over and giggle at, “Yeah, there's a little bit more of that butter that's not working.”
9. Ken (2/5): I-I-- there's definitely a strategic reason to get along with these people and there's definitely a strategic reason for those people to get along with us because things change real quick.
10. Helen (1/2): Right now we're all-- we're all off-center with, you know, trying to predict but, quite frankly, this isn't a game you can predict. So I told everybody today I'd be-- I'm becoming Australian. I'm just gonna do that, (with Australian accent) “No worries, mate” thing and, uh, I'm not gonna think about it.
11. Brian (3/6): As much as they don't want to admit it, as much as we try not to admit it, it's us against them. Simple as that. Even though we're living together and hanging out and, uh, it all looks peachy, there's a lot of phoniness. Everyone will start picking people off. I can just feel it. Slowly but surely. I can feel it. I can smess-- sense it, I can smell it.
12. Ken (3/5): The cave smells of urine. Chuay Gahn has been pissing in the front of the cave and so the whole, you know, the whole cave is starting to smell. It's the piss cave, very nice.
13. Ken (4/5): I come here, I laid down at the front of their cave and I said, “I smell urine.” It's like pissing in your front door, you know, you walk in your front door, you close it, “Honey, I'm home. Let me take a piss right here.” Animals don't even do that. Animals are genetically encoded not to piss where they eat and it's happening here. I-I don't understand it but... I do feel like a visitor here. Personally, I-I don't go around pissing where I sleep. They do and just for that simple fact, I can't do it on here.
14. Clay (2/4): There ain't nobody peeing in the cave. I mean, it smells like a cave the whole time I've been here. I mean, that's like, uh, you live in a room with candles going that's for damn sure, but it is a cave, you can't forget that.
15. Jake (1/6): I like every single person in the other tribe. The only one that drives me crazy is Helen with the constant recipes. You know, I've heard recipes til I'm just green in the face. My God! You know, I need to go somewhere else when she starts that recipe stuff which is nonstop, 24/7.
16. Brian (4/6): Jake and I like to get out. I kind of getting a little bit of cabin fever or they want to call it out here a little cave, uh, cave fever. I'm going stir-cavy.
17. Jake (2/6): I'm very careful with what I tell Brian and I think he's probably very careful with what he tells me. We're still two separate tribes.
18. Jake (3/6): I'm trying to figure out information from him like, “Who in your tribe would you think should be voted off first?” And he's doing the same thing to me all the time. And part of the time we're telling each other the truth, and part of the time we're kinda fudging a little bit. But, you know, we're building a confidence with one another and once that confidence is built then I think we'll be able to form an alliance of sorts.
19. Brian (5/6): Jake, he might be picking my brain a little bit but I'm not, uh, telling him much. He's always asking me a little couple of questions to see how I feel about the tribe and he's kind of feeling me out and I'm not giving him anything, at least not yet.
20. Jake (4/6): Sook Jai really needs to win this Immunity Challenge bad. I mean, if we can possibly win this one, that would put us back on an equal footing with the other tribe.
21. Helen (2/2): Our monkey visitor again has, um, invaded the camp and, err... he... 	scoffs) the bananas that we have left for tonight, that were just perfectly ripe-- damn monkey, I swear I'm gonna kill him if I get him. And then he got into our noodles. I mean, my God, that-- that's it, that's our food here. I have real doubts that it's gonna last us the next two and a half weeks anyway. With monkey claws in there taking 'em out, uh, it's not gonna last. It-it's just not. If it takes... (laughs) if it takes our noodles we are up creek without a paddle. We'd eat rocks or something.
22. Jake (5/6): It's-it's really hard on me today 'cause I'm taking this one really personal. I feel totally responsible for the fact that we're going back to Tribal Council. What I'd rather do is just go out somewhere and just be by myself and act, you know, just be pissed off. But you can't do that. I mean, you came back here with the winners, they're the winners, you gotta congratulate them, you gotta try and not to irate yourself so bad in front of them even though is happening underneath the core, you know, where you're just saying, (says something through closed mouth first) “Why did it happen that way today?”
23. Brian (6/6): Well, we had another, uh, Immunity Challenge and, um, still kinda weird though, winning and then having to come back and not really being able to celebrate a win so you're not looking to, uh... uh-uh, happy because they got a major disappointing decision to make so that's a very strange feeling.
24. Clay (3/4): You-you wanna jump and holler and-and scream but you can't because you have people living with you that you just beat and, uh, you don't want to rub it in their face 'cause, you know, that could haunt you later on if one of them is on the jury. But yet they were sad but trying to be happy for us and that's why we had to tell them, “Oh, we're so sorry y'all gotta go to Tribal Council,” and that but we were so damn happy it was unbelievable.
25. Penny (2/2): This is the first time I think we really actually been able to talk about how we're all feeling because now you got four people who are pissed off that we didn't win and you got five happy people who can't talk about how badly they just kicked our butts. And when you're losing all the time against them, it's hard to stay upbeat and keep your mind off the game.
26. Ted (3/4): I didn't grow up on a farm, I'm not a hunter, you know, I really didn't want to see the process of, um, bringing Lucky to the dinner table because I was basically looking as Lucky as-as a pet and if it was up to me, I would let Lucky go free.
27. Clay (4/4): You know, I was raised around farms and-and ranches and I've never seen such a ceremony over killing of a damn chicken in my life. There's animals put on here for us to eat, and, uh, hell, kill 'em and eat 'em. It's not that big a deal.
28. Jan (2/3): I have never participated in wringing a chicken's neck and holding the legs and watching it flap which was very hard for me 'cause I'm very tender-hearted but it had a purpose and the purpose was to feed us so it was not a senseless death.
29. Jan (3/3): (sobbing) Um, I'm burying Lucky's head and feet in my little pet cemetery. I have a pet cemetery here and it started with Oliver, the little bat that I found and then today I added the, uh, Lucky's head and Lucky's feet. I'll put him right here by Oliver so they can be friends. Of course, now they all think I'm crazy but that's okay. Didn't know my cemetery would be so active while I was here but it has been. It was just to say, “Thank you” and, you know, “Y'all look after each other” and so of course that did make me cry but I'm happy they're together.
30. Jake (6/6): (tearfully) It's tough when you have to vote somebody off that you love... and you've been through a whole stuff with, you know, all of us feel that way, every one of us, every last one of us.
31. Ken (5/5): I kind of laugh to myself that this is a game and I'm fighting back tears. I used to compare this to Monopoly. This is nothing like Monopoly. This is amazing.
32. Ted (4/4): I do feel sad for, uh, Sook Jai. You know, at first we were like, “Well, hey, you know, they are our competitors, it doesn't make it a difference.” But after living with them and getting to know them and it is a sad reality 'cause one of them has to go.
1. Ted (1/5): In the beginning, a lot of people didn't predict this. A lot of people would never ever would've thought that Chuay Gahn would be this powerful at this point. Um, whether it's a merger or not a merger, Chuay Gahn is in a very, very powerful position to do whatever we want.
2. Jan (1/3): Sook Jai left to go to Tribal Council. They had to vote someone off. The first thing we tried to guess who was gonna go and, uh, it was half and half. We thought Erin, we thought Ken. (chuckles)
3. Jan (2/3): We do feel sorry for them having to lose someone but we were glad it was them and not us. (laughs)
4. Penny (1/2): It was really hard to come back after, uh, we voted Erin out because now we were down to three people and Chuay Gahn has five.
5. Jake (1/7): We're still two separate tribes. We need to be able to win an Immunity Challenge and we need to get a plan together and figure out how we can get ahead on the votes somehow. We gotta fight for everything we're gonna get.
6. Jake (2/7): Man, what an interesting time we're having now. I think what everybody, on both sides, is trying to do is put their best foot forward and just kind of see what's gonna happen next. So I gotta figure out how I can best fit in.
7. Ted (2/5): The week Jake has been-been doing alive, it's that he'll sit around and start te-telling some of the adventures that he's been on, um, as if we're gonna be overtly wowed by that.
8. Jake (3/7): I guess what I'm trying to do by sharing stories is to say, “Guys, I'm an adventurer just like you. I just happen to be an old adventurer.”
9. Clay (1/5): Everybody in the group are sick of his Roy Rogers tales.
10. Ted (3/5): Well, I don't know a lot about parachuting but that was a little farfetched for me. I mean, and in the middle of a airport? I... I would imagine that's some type of FAA violation.
11. Clay (2/5): Jake thinks he's being smooth and conniving. He just trying to get us sucked in like, “Hey, I'm just a good ol mountain men that goes out and kills them elk, falls down them mountains, and wrassle grizzlies, and I fight off men with alligators,” and if he thinks we're buying that, he's crazy.
12. Clay (3/5): Well, she's a fox. I'm gonna tell ya, she's a fine looking woman and, uh, buddy she's-she's fit for the bikinis, I'm gonna tell ya.
13. Brian (1/4): She kept her clothes on which I'm happy about but, uh, you know, I didn't want everyone to know more about me than they should. It's almost one of those things where, uh, I didn't think it was necessary for them to see my family.
14. Helen (1/1): The nice two brand new cars in the garage and the baby grand piano, it looks like Brian is doing pretty damn good for himself. If I were against Brian right now, that'd be enough to vote him off because I'd be going, “This guy doesn't need the money.”
15. Clay (4/5): We had a little challenge and, uh, found out it was all one tribe and now is when the game’s gonna start 'cause I'm gonna tell you what, hell I'm here to win a million dollars, to outplay, outwit and outlast.
16. Ken (1/3): My main concern was getting to this point to where now we have individual challenges and it could help me. I'm gonna be a viable threat for that immunity every time it comes around.
17. Brian (2/4): We've now come to a merger which is a crossroads and it's a new game. You got two, uh, former enemies that are now sleeping together. But right now, it doesn't matter whether it was somebody from my-my tribe or somebody from the other tribe. Whoever's getting on someone's nerves and that's pretty much how the vote's gonna go.
18. Ted (4/5): And Helen would be talking about recipes and-and food and those things were really, really, really starting to bother me. I felt myself (…) with the small things starting to get on my nerve. You know, I was feeling grumpier, and grumpier, and grumpier. I internalized all of that and I said, um, “It's time. It's time for me to get away and to get some me time.” It was some real good, quality me time. I think the reason why a lot of people don't take the me time is because they don't want to be perceived as a loner or, uh, somebody out there not a part of the team, that type of thing. I honestly am taking a risk by doing that.
19. Jan (3/3): Ted... just went off on the canoe and he didn't tell anyone.
20. Penny (2/2): I think Ted kind of goes off and does his own thing sometimes and sometimes I don't think he fits in with the group maybe as well as, ah, he may think that he does.
21. Brian (3/4): It's just amazing how out here the littlest things tick people off or get under someone's skin which is so interesting to me, how such a small, minute thing out here can really escalate to a, uh, bigger problem down the road. With regards to my alliance with Ted, I think that once it does get down to either him or me, obviously I'm gonna be looking out to good ol number one.
22. Jake (4/7): I'm right in the midst of trying to find somebody that will get on my team from the other side, and I don't know who I can trust on the other team. That's the problem.
23. Jake (5/7): From Clay, I got a sense that they're all really tired of Ted today. He said that's probably who they'd vote off if they had to vote today. And Clay said, uh, “We were ready to vote Ken out.” And now it's very likely gonna be Ted.
24. Jake (6/7): I'm just trying to salvage our team, trying to salvage me. I'm trying to ooch my way into some spot that might get me to the final four.
25. Ted (5/5): Today we had our first individual Immunity Challenge and the fact that NYC was in the finals, basically showed his strength today. So our strategy now is to let's go ahead and eliminate the strength or the potential strength of Sook Jai.
26. Jake (7/7): The plan's pretty simple: we get rid of Brian and we get rid of Brian tonight. Brian's a class act so the idea is to get rid of a real strong person, but the way we do it is I use my team members, that's three strong, to vote for Brian, and Clay brings in one other person with him and we vote Brian out. It's that quick.
27. Clay (5/5): Jake is trying to get me to work out a deal where he wants to get me to kick Brian off and he's got it all figured out. Jake is out for Jake and Clay is out for Clay.
28. Ken (2/3): Jake has an alternative plan trying to work a deal with Clay. It would actually be in Clay's best interest but whether or not sees it like that is going to be a different story.
29. Ken (3/3): Chuay Gahn is saying that they're gonna vote Ted out. If that's the possibility it might keep me afloat, I'll-I'll throw a vote that way.
30. Brian (4/4): Now it's the, uh, fourth quarter, basically. We're getting into the long stretch. Everything counts. Friends count, uh, relationships count. The littlest things are gonna either, uh, make you or break you at this stage. So unless you're out holding that Immunity Necklace around you, who knows?
1. Ted (1/5): It was interesting yesterday with Tribal Council. I didn't expect to get any votes but I got three votes yesterday. So I immediately know where those three votes came from and that they came from the members of Sook Jai. And I'm still trying to piece together as to the exact reason why.
2. Ted (2/5): Despite what I just heard, I personally don't believe anybody told them to do that. I think the members of Sook Jai are either intimidated by me, feel that I'm threat or, uh, they just don't like me. Jake was sitting here lying in front of me just as much as I was lying to him. It's just the way the game is played and I have no problems with that.
3. Clay (1/13): Tribal Council was, uh, pretty interesting-- kind of scared ol Ted. He got a real awakening last night when he saw his name pop up on those cards. He didn't like it at all. If Ted goes to believe in Jake, it'd be a cold day in hell. It's not gonna happen. Ted doesn't know we instigated those three votes for him and he won't. We've been too true to Ted, the whole tribe has been too true to Ted, so why should he distrust us?
4. Brian (1/8): Right now Jake is playing both sides of the fence. He's playing me a little bit and he's playing Clay a little bit. He's voting against Ted and then trying to suck up to him in the morning which is a little surprising for a man of his age and his stature, but I think he's a little insecure out here. The-the air, the heat, the whole, uh, jungle experience might be getting to him but it's getting all us a little bit. It's getting a little bit, uh, tougher every day... uh, food is getting scarcer, we're just trying to-- trying to maintain and those that lose their cool, err, they're the ones that might have a problem here, uh, sooner than later.
5. Clay (2/13): We haven't been able to catch a crab in ten days 'cause the tide is not going down-- it has been up for ten days and it is driving us crazy.
6. Clay (3/13): We're screwed, that's it. The chickens are all gone so now we're eating chicken feed that come with the chickens to feed them to take care of them. But sure it'd be nice to have, uh, something stocked up or else win one of those big huge meals where you go sit down and just-- you get full. You know what that do to my energy? Wow! I'd climb one of these cliffs today.
7. Ted (3/5): In this game, especially at this point of the game, information is critical. One makes a grave, grave mistake if they don't observe, if they don't gather information that will help them make decisions in the future.
8. Ted (4/5): Losing the challenge was a big disappointment to me initially because I hate losing, period. I was also kind of shocked that Brian did pick Clay to go with him on the trip. I kind of knew there was a bond between Clay and Brian but the fact that he did select Clay kind of just told me that their bond is closer than what I thought it was.
9. Brian (2/8): My agreement with Ted is one statement and my agreement with Clay is another. I have to see which option, which plan is gonna work best for me down the road. That's part of the plan. That's part of my strategy.
10. Brian (3/8): We're more than halfway through the game and this is an excellent time for us to just clear our heads, get away from everyone. Relaxation is the key. It was my first time being in a helicopter. I was a little apprehensive at first, all nervous, but it was like riding a roller coaster and I enjoyed it immensely.
11. Clay (4/13): We flew for about forty-five, fifty minutes all the way to the mainland of Thailand and, uh, put us on a bus that took us way out in the jungle... hell, you wonder where this trip was gonna end.
12. Clay (5/13): There was a Thai lady standing there with two glasses of juice.
13. Clay (6/13): That was the best juice I've ever tasted in my life.
14. Brian (4/8): Immediately we jumped onto this elephant. No briefing, no instruction, no “Okay, safety: here's what's gonna happen.”
15. Brian (5/8): Riding the elephant itself was a little spooky and very uncomfortable. I'm looking at this guy down here had all the control holding it by its ear. Every time he stepped about ten feet away from us I was like, “Excuse me... (mimics pointing to elephant).”
16. Clay (7/13): I tried to relax and go with the flow but Brian was terrified of this elephant. He had a death grip on the side of his chair the whole time. At any minute, he was ready to jump. For two hours, he stayed on go to jump off this elephant.
17. Clay (8/13): It is absolutely gorgeous. You got these limestone cliffs, and mountains, and hills, and caves. There's no way to describe the beauty that-that's here. That, uh, is off the beaten track in the world and we really didn't know it was here.
18. Helen (1/3): Jake and I went over for the canoe trip today and, uh, last thing Clay and Brian said to me before they left was, “Keep an eye on the snake,” that's what their term is for Jake.
19. Helen (2/3): He seemed to have a voting order down that's... something I've heard from my own tribemates. So, he's getting information somewhere.
20. Jake (1/6): You gotta keep trying. I mean, what can I do? I can sit here and get voted off or I can stir up a little something that might get me a little bit further. I got nothing to lose.
21. Jake (2/6): I gave her some things to think about today. I mean, a million dollars as opposed to nothing is a pretty big... reason to turn on somebody regardless of how much you like 'em.
22. Helen (3/3): Now I'm gonna be deep in thought the rest of the day. Is he being upfront with me and honest or is this his way of playing the game and staying on? Um, if I were in his position, I'd be doing everything I could to eke out three or six more days.
23. Jake (3/6): I think Helen is-- could possibly win this if she got rid of both Brian and, uh, and Clay. Of course, if she got rid of Brian and Clay, I think I'd be back in the hunt and I think Penny would also.
24. Brian (6/8): We came back to our, uh, starting point with the elephant and ta-da! A feast... a feast fit for a king.
25. Clay (9/13): We ate every kind of Thai food you could imagine. It was the best food I had, it seemed like, for thirty years. I forgot that food actually had a taste to it.
26. Clay (10/13): We had a lot of laughs. Me and Brian are definitely tight. You can't beat things like that. There is more, uh, bonding goes on in a trip like that than a-a six months back in America.
27. Brian (7/8): I don't think I'd had as good a time with anybody else. It was great sharing it with him. He enjoyed it and he would've done the same for me.
28. Clay (11/13): When we got through eating, we had some, uh, soup, some big ol shrimp leftover that we-we-- there's no way we could eat. So I, uh, got to put the shrimp and all the soup in this canteen. And the other canteen, I emptied it out and filled it up with the beer that we had. We had, uh, two and a half bottles left of beer. So, uh, I get to go back to camp say, “Look what I brought y'all.” If I make it to one of those two final chairs, maybe they'd remember, “Let me put ol Clay down. He did think of me earlier in the game.”
29. Brian (8/8): They all were out the water waiting for us like, uh, lost sheep... longing for their masters. (chuckles)
30. Clay (12/13): The reception when we got back was real warm. I had three pieces of fruit in my hand and so did Brian. Then of course we told them we had beer in one of the canteens and, uh, a big ol bowl of, uh, shrimp, uh, soup in the other canteen.
31. Jan (1/1): And then the other canteen had beer. (laughs) And I did share it but I didn't want to.
32. Jake (4/6): Our tribe is grateful for anything we can get at this point. So I think that was a very, very smart, wise move on their part 'cause what it did was it said to the tribe, “Hey, we'll take care of you. You just kind of stay behind us and we'll take care of you.” Smart! Yeah, a smart move.
33. Penny (1/4): Chuay Gahn is a very tight group and they don't talk about strategy, they don't talk about how they're gonna vote and if they're ever off whispering, you don't see it.
34. Penny (2/4): I have to do anything I can right now to stay in this game. I am fighting for my life right now. I did have an original alliance with Jake but now, the game has changed. Knowing that everybody on Chuay Gahn does not like Jake. I can't stay around Jake anymore because then that hurts me. Clay told me in confidence, he said, “Can I trust you?” And we pinkie swore on it. I told him I wouldn't stab him in the back and he told me, he said, “I'm trying to get you to the final four with us.”
35. Clay (13/13): Everybody that's asked me who's gonna be the final four?, I kick down a person and put in their name. I've done it with everybody up there, I'm gonna continue to do it. And if they don't think I'm not that, it'd be real damn stupid to-- for Clay to say, “Penny, you're not in the final four,” it'd put her totally against me. I better put her ass on the jury to vote for Clay.
36. Penny (3/4): I know that Chuay Gahn is wanting to vote Jake so my only hope is tonight, is that Jake does not win the Immunity Challenge and that way I know that I hopefully have another three days here.
37. Jake (5/6): You know, I guess the thing that bothered me most is Penny came up and snuffed me right in the very beginning. But, you know, I guess she had her reasons-- I don't know what they were but she had her reasons.
38. Penny (4/4): I wasn't quite sure exactly, um, if I should snuff out Jake or not but I guess I was trying to send a message to Chuay Gahn that Jake and I don't really have an alliance anymore and I wanted them to see that.
39. Ted (5/5): I consider Penny a Trojan Horse. Um, she puts on her charm, and sweetness, and et cetera but she has a game plan underneath. She's charming Brian and Clay. Just to kind of prevent her charm from working, I think it's important for us to vote her off.
40. Jake (6/6): You can see them kind of whispering around so I know it's all going on. I'm trying to get a chance to get Ted off over to the side and say, “Ted, if you vote for me, you'll be next.” It's not over til the fat lady sings but I think I can hear her warming up. (chuckles)
1. Jan (1/3): During Tribal Council, Jake said, “I feel like I'm one of the hardest workers out here. A lot harder worker than some of the others in the tribe,” and Clay doesn't really simmer with things like that real well.
2. Jake (1/5): What they said last Tribal Council was anybody that did not produce was the one who was going. And I gotta tell you, I put my production up basically against anybody's and that offended Clay.
3. Helen (1/10): Quite frankly, I don't think Clay liked that playing at Tribal Council because it was true. Jake does more than Clay. Why do you think Clay got upset? People working know they're working! The people skating know they're skating! And he was ticked that Jake brought that up.
4. Ted (1/2): Clay is definitely starting to get on my nerves. The outburst that he had, I thought was very, very childish and uncalled for. I didn't see anything wrong with Jake's comments. It was just words, so what if he felt that way? Who gives a heck?
5. Clay (1/1): 31 days... overall, we're physically whooped. You take 31 days in a cave, living off whatever you can find... I've lost way, way too much weight. I miss my family, I miss home. And we're to the point now where you start smelling it, you know it's-it's coming, it's not long.
6. Jake (2/5): Oh, every day I spend a little bit of time just kind of writing down what I've done here 'cause it's kind of like a letter to my wife-- in fact, it is a letter to my wife. A little journal on what's happening through the day and there's a lot of “I miss you” kind of stuff rolled into it. I can see the ending is in sight and, uh, I just sit here waiting on the next challenge.
7. Jan (2/3): Helen and I went down and got Tree Mail. Within a real neat little container, we open it up and it was rice! Thank God! So we were so excited.
8. Jake (3/5): Oh, my God. The girls came sprinting back up here. Now these are people who can hardly walk and they sprinted up here.
9. Ted (2/2): We saw the word feast, luxury, nourishment so automatically: food, was like, “Oh, this is great!”
10. Helen (2/10): You know, I was kind of going around showing him like, you know, “Oh, my God, this is where we sleep,” and showing him our food situation.
11. Jan (3/3): We gave them the honeymoon suite for the evening and, uh, tried to listen (laughs) but we couldn't hear anything.
12. Helen (3/10): We had a very nice evening talking, talking, talking, talking, talking, talking, talking, talking. You have no idea how not having family out here is actually, physically painful. You just don't know it til you get out here, how huge family is. Man, just nothing else matters.
13. Helen (4/10): I-I decided to take Jim on the, uh, canoe ride today to show him where the-- where we get the water so that he could get the full experience of, uh, the fact that you don't go out and turn on the tap.
14. Helen (5/10): I trust Brian. Brian's an upfront guy. I don't trust Clay. What I'm trying to figure out is can I flip Jan? Can I flip Ted? Can I flip Brian? Can I get Clay out?
15. Helen (6/10): Just in being able to talk about the game and strategize with Jim, I'm gonna dread seeing him go but I've been so recharged on this that, um... I-I'm gonna be fine.
16. Helen (7/10): Spending the day with Jim was the huge mountaintop high and then the crushing low.
17. Helen (8/10): I felt bad about being so low because I didn't think the other people needed to see that. They didn't get a day at all. Um, I'm very aware of that and, um, you know, I've-- I was the lucky one and I didn't want them to be looking at me going, “Geez, I mean, she shouldn't be upset, she had 24 hours with him.”
18. Helen (9/10): In a strange way, I almost wish it hadn't happen because, um, the lows are so low. It's hard. I knew it would be hard, I... didn't think I'd be that hard.
19. Jake (4/5): We got Immunity Challenge and I need it. There's five people from the other, uh, tribe and one person from my tribe, and that's pretty strong, uh, cards stacked against you. But I'm telling you what, Jenny is the biggest inspiration that I can get. What she did, just trying to get to me, gave me so much inspiration that I really feel like today I can run through a brick wall.
19. Jake (5/5): You know, it was one of those things, I went into that today knowing that I had to win immunity. Now it doesn't matter, (chuckles) 'cause I know what's really important. It's about love, it's about your family. Then it makes you realize, especially, it really is to be able to experience 33 days in a cave in our beach without your loved one and then to be able to see 'em (...).
20. Helen (10/10): I have to get Brian aside and run some strategy by him and just get some opinion worked on there. I trust Brian. I don't think Brian would ever look at me and try to dupe me on something, play me for a fool, and I wouldn't do that to him. But I talked about, perhaps pulling in Ted and Jan and trying to form a threesome and take out Clay. Quite frankly, Clay does squat at camp. He has gone on one water run in 32 days and he swamped the boat when he went. And that stuff, uh, goes right up my (mutters) and hell no!
21. Brian (1/1): This is where practical, logical, business sense comes into mind and you gotta have to keep your mind open and then adapt accordingly, switch, jump ship here 'cause it's a game of survival. I mean, this is a game. It's just a matter of who trusts you the most. That's where we're at right now, and who's got a little bit of control? And right now, I got a little bit of both.
1. Helen (1/8): We haven't been to Tribal Council to vote off a Chuay Gahn member since Day 12. Chuay Gahn, who started out as the joke team of Survivor as the losers, as the old people, as the ones that you know what? You band of misfits, you can't do anything right. But we never lost focus and we never gave up. And now, definitely the game is on. Jake left, now it's Chuay Gahn, now we have to vote each other out. The game is on full speed ahead.
2. Brian (1/4): What skills come into play this part of the game? Skating skills. Who's the best skater? Ice skater. He's got the longest skates on. Who's the best at cutting corners, going around circles? 'Cause usually on skating you gotta be ice-cold. You can't lose your cool. You gotta be like ice. You gotta have friendships, you gotta cut off those friendships. You gotta keep stringing people along and bang!, throw them a nice slider. Mister Freeze is in the house, even though it's about one-ten out here, I got my skates on.
3. Clay (1/3): I could not believe how I look. I mean, it looks like I'm... I'm sixty.
4. Jan (1/3): When I first saw my own picture I started laughing 'cause I was fuller. I had these little cheekbones, these little chubby cheeks there and, uh, had some bosoms. That was kind of funny. (chuckles) And now I look kind of like a stick figure. (laughs)
5. Ted (1/11): Actually seeing myself in the mirror I didn't know who the heck I was. I mean, I looked at myself before and now, oh, my gosh! It's like, two totally different people.
6. Helen (2/8): You kind of look at yourself and tell you're losing some weight, but looking at yourself in a full length mirror, I-I, you know, one look was enough for me. I'm like, “Oh, yeah, I still look fat and, uh, great, uh, I got lines on my face. Okay, I'm done.”
7. Jan (2/3): The women could barely see themselves because the men took over the mirror. That was pathetic. We couldn't get the men out of the way. They were admiring, lifting their-- “Oh hey, look at these guns... (mumbles)” I mean, they were pathetic.
8. Ted (2/11): Um, I think Brian is a good guy. Um, we-- him and I had a verbal alliance, um, and it was strong but I don't think it's-it's strong anymore. Um, when I did a checkpoint of our status he wavered a little bit. He kind of wavered a little bit and to me, we've always operated in a mode that, um, our plans have been solid.
9. Ted (3/11): “Don't take anything personal,” or “Everything is based on business,” well, that sent a signal to me saying that he's wavering in our-- in our alliance, that something has changed.
10. Ted (4/11): With me, um, those that I've trusted up until this point, I want to continue to trust maybe 80, 85% but I'm not gonna sit back and just base the results of this game on that trust. One-one of my strategies from Day 1 was to adapt to any given situation, so I wanted to communicate with Helen and ask her her feelings of who she thought were top four would be. And I started drawing in the sand the alternative option is to eliminate Clay, and Brian, Helen, myself, and Janie in the final four. Then make a decision on how we wanna operate, uh, with Brian. You know, whether we want to keep him or whether we want to, you know, vote him out. And it was good for me to know that she was basically on the same thought path as I was as far as Clay's, um, contribution to the tribe. Clay doesn't do anything. He lays around all day and he doesn't go out get wood, he doesn't go off to the waterhole, he does nothing. He just lays around all day so-so logically, he would be the next, in my mind, the next person to get voted out.
11. Ted (5/11): I've never won the lotto, I've never won any raffle ticket, and so for me winning the car was truly a dream come true.
12. Ted (6/11): In the car, Helen and I really had a chance to talk and the plan that I proposed was getting rid of Clay at the next Tribal Council.
13. Helen (3/8): It was so nice to have somebody prepare a meal for me. It was so nice to not have it be the mussels, clams, crabs, leaves that we've been living off of.
14. Ted (7/11): Helen nor I, we don't drink alcohol. We said, “Okay, fine. This is a once in a lifetime experience and we're gonna go for it.”
15. Ted (8/11): I fixed my plate as if I was the old Ted, three hundred and ten pound Ted, which was normal. I was like, “Oh, man, I cannot stop with no problem.”
16. Clay (2/3): I'm pissed off anytime I don't win. I don't like losing. I'm very envious of 'em right now. Janie said, “I guess is, I wish it was me.”
17. Brian (2/4): Ted got his truck through to me. I didn't even get a thanks... should've thanked me. Anybody that gives you something for free... all I wanted was, “Hey, thanks. Appreciate it.”
18. Helen (4/8): I don't know that Ted even remembers what he was saying. You know, if you've ever been in the company of someone who's had too much to drink they start like, getting silly. But you know what? It wasn't my reward, it was Ted's reward so being the polite guest that I was, I let him enjoy his night.
19. Helen (5/8): I-I like Ted, I really do. I enjoyed my night with Ted. I was clean, I had on silk pajamas, I was in a comfortable bed, I'm listening to the ocean. I mean, it just doesn't get any better than that.
20. Ted (9/11): My body is drunk, but my mind is clear and I'll remember all of this. When your mind is mush... that's when you're drunk, in my opinion.
21. Helen (6/8): Any time you're away from camp, you wonder, especially at this stage of the game, who might be talking about you back here. You can drive yourself crazy, becoming paranoid 'cause I'm trying to avoid, uh, getting into that quagmire. So, um, I don't know what went on here last night.
22. Ted (10/11): Coming back, to be honest with you, um, I did feel a little envy or jealousy, if you will. And-and as expected, I felt that from Clay that he was very jealous of-of the fact that I-I won but, I mean, it doesn't-- it didn't matter and it doesn't matter.
23. Helen (7/8): I did promise Ted and I did exactly what I promised, that I would try to get to Jan and feel Jan out and see if she would be willing to vote for Clay.
24. Brian (3/4): Helen could very well be playing me, but at the same time, she won't. Helen is somebody that respects me completely. I've taken her a long way. She owes me and she knows it.
25. Helen (8/8): I'm definitely playing two sides of the fence, yeah, that's what you gotta do. And I would bet you to a person everybody out here is playing both sides of the fence, just hope you don't get caught. Ted thinks I'm solidly in his court and I may be... Brian and Clay think I'm tight with them and I may be. Like, quite frankly, I don't know at this point.
26. Ted (11/11): I think at this point of the game everyone could be playing everyone so I think it's only natural for everyone to be on pins and needles and really, really observe everyone in camp 'cause everyone is wondering whether or not they're the next target. Um, I'm-I'm wondering if I'm the next target. Logically, I would think that I am. I mean, I won an immunity and I won a reward so I may be perceived to be, uh, physically and mentally strong.
27. Jan (3/3): Helen did come to me because if you look at it, I could be a swing vote. You know, if Helen and Ted had an alliance, they could pull me and we could vote Clay out. I really have to think about it and I would think about it from the standpoint of what would be best for me in the long run. I'm not sure there's any true, true alliance right now. I think people are talking but I don't think the word alliance that “I will not vote against you” has ever really been said by any of the five. You know, Helen and I are very, very tight but trust at this point in the game is very hard and it's a very thin line, and I might trust you with everything in another situation but this is a game. So even if someone tells you something, they might not do it.
28. Brian (4/4): When you know where everyone's head's at... it gives you that much more control, it gives you that much more confidence, it gives you a little bit more, uh, a more useful ammunition. I got three pieces of ammunition I can use: one, I got my trump card- Jan, grandma Jan, she's disposable. Number two, I got my loyal and trustworthy soldier- Helen. I know where her head's at and I know how she feels about me. I'm very confident and, uh, good feeling about her and her work ethic. My good friend, uncle Clay, I know what he wants, he knows what I wants. I know he doesn't want Helen, I know Helen doesn't want him. When I need to use that against each other, I will. But in the meantime, I'm just sitting back. So those are my three, those are my three ends: (shows three fingers and starts flexing them as he counts along) one disposable, a loyal soldier... (after flexing two fingers, middle finger is left alone and looks at it) oops!, and a good friend. (laughs)
29. Clay (3/3): Ahh! Really, if you get to think about it, using people in this game and everybody getting used in one way or another. That's the name of this game: used, everybody you can on the way to the top. Here we go again, the circus is coming to town!
1. Jan (1/8): Our last Tribal Council was a little bit harder because of Ted was the first of the-- of the last Chuay Gahn five, uh, it was the beginning of the realization that each one of us have to go except for one.
2. Clay (1/14): We knew that when we got to this point, we get rid of Ted. It was a total shock to Ted. The whole time we've been telling him, “We're kicking Jan off. We're kicking Jan off.” There ain't no telling what went through his mind when he saw his name pop up three times.
3. Helen (1/4): At this level in the game, it becomes cutthroat, it becomes every man for himself. So the next couple of days I expect to be extremely stressful.
4. Clay (2/14): And this morning we got early Tree Mail. Uh, it was a bunch of flowers and we're supposed to fix up a float for each tribe member that's been, uh, kicked off the island and, uh, there's some kind of tradition in Thailand about setting something out to-to sea, you know, message out of love and the hope of good luck in the-- in the future. I think that's-- it's what is all about.
5. Clay (3/14): I looked at each individual and tried to put them as I saw them. We just tried to fit the personalities into each little float that we're gonna send out to sea later on.
6. Jan (2/8): With sixteen different personalities you're gonna have people that genuinely don't really like each other but you learn to get along so even if you had someone's wreath that you weren't particularly crazy about, you still made it good.
7. Brian (1/10): When I was making those wreaths all that I thought about was, uh, “You've come a long way, baby.” (pats self in shoulder) Had to make some tough decisions but I would so much rather be in my position than looking at one of those wreaths seeing my name on there. This is a business trip, strictly. My attire is just beard and, uh... uh, bathing suits out here but I'm still in business mode.
8. Helen (2/4): I hate to lose, I hate to lose. And I hate to look like a fool doing it and I did both today. And ever since the Immunity Challenge was over, the minute I knew I didn't have it, I was like, “Okay, now what?”
9. Brian (2/10): It looks like it's time for Helen to go. Why Helen now at this time? Is there was some sort of relationship with her and Ted, it just happened the other day. There was some writing on the ground so I have a little distrust in Helen.
10. Brian (3/10): Helen's gotta go now simply because she's a threat to me.
11. Brian (4/10): Jan, she's my ace in the hole and I would use her, uh, tonight. As long as everything goes as planned, she'll come into play. Now whether, uh... whether everything does go as planned?, that's one thing I can't control.
12. Jan (3/8): I have been approached for a new game plan and, um, I am toying with this suggestion. Helen is a friend of mine, she has cooked the meals, she sings at night to help calm us down so I feel like I'm in a quandary and that makes me anxious.
13. Helen (3/4): Weeks ago, Brian and Clay came to me and said, uh, “How about us three for the top?” The vote that was agreed upon was to start with Ted, then Jan, then when we get to us three then we'll reevaluate. Well, I know darn well Clay sees himself in those first two chairs so it worries me that they may decide that Jan is an easier person to keep along. So I checked last night to make sure it was still a Ted vote-- yes, okay. Checked today with both of them it's still a Jan vote...
14. Helen (4/4): Brian and Clay have had it with Jan, they're frustrated with her. I mean, that's the story they're giving me and that it's a definite she's out tonight.
15. Jan (4/8): When we came back as the final three it was one of those good/sad things for me. I felt a little empty without Helen because I thought she'd worked hard and, um, I thought she still deserved one of the places.
16. Clay (4/14): When, uh, Helen saw her name pop up the third time it almost felt like a truck hit her right in the stomach. Whamo! We slapped you right in front of your Council members and, uh, you know what? You still gotta vote for one of us and all three of us voted for you so, who you gonna blame?
17. Jan (5/8): And we got back from Tribal Council, then all of a sudden we had Tree Mail.
18. Jan (6/8): We went down there and there was, uh, Helen's thing for us to make to float down the river. I felt a little bit bad. I just thought it was real soon to be feeling like you buried someone.
19. Jan (7/8): And I wanted to make sure that we did a good one, you know? So we put a spoon on it 'cause, uh, of her cooking and everything.
20. Brian (5/10): I wanted to make sure she had a proper burial. I call her my aunt Helen but I always felt closer to her like, somewhat of a sister. But I'm wondering now if she's the sister that went bad. (chuckles)
21. Clay (5/14): Me, Brian and Jan, we sat there talking and I was playing like I was, uh, started drinking a cup of coffee and I said, “Oh, by the way, I got some doughnuts over here,” so I passed out the doughnuts and we were just eating doughnuts and drinking coffee like we was really getting our bellies full.
22. Clay (6/14): All of a sudden, we see this boat pull up and Jeff's standing up in that-- this little boat ride with three, uh-uh, umbrellas on it.
23. Jan (8/8): Today walking into the last challenge, 'cause I knew I had to be funny, but-but my legs were just quivering like that and I had sweat coming down and, uh... um, I just couldn't take myself to that next level.
24. Brian (6/10): Wow! What a dramatic challenge. (thundering in distance) That's what I felt like... that's just what I felt like, that's my own body with, uh, lighting going through it. There was a major current going on all throughout the legs and it went to the butt, the lower back, and the neck but I made it through and, uh, took that immunity on for the third time in a row.
25. Clay (7/14): This is the Final Tribal Council before there's two. That's quite the set before the jury and I feel very confident Brian will go in and set Jan on the jury as the seventh member and I'm gonna sit out there as, uh, one-two and let the jury vote on us and, uh, see who gets the million.
26. Brian (7/10): I'm thinking about the whole picture, simple as that. I, uh, know it's a nine hundred thousand dollar mistake I could be making but there's a lot, uh, a lot here at stake. Pit me up against a fifty-three old lady that's done not much yet she hasn't done anything to step on anybody's feet. Clay's played the game very similar to me so I'm not sure how the vote's are gonna go. I really don't know.
27. Clay (8/14): And the only reason I can think Brian taking Jan to the final two it'd be an easier win. Yeah, he may well preferring just blow me right out of the water. I mean, we, me and him, have blown two out of the water in the last two Tribal Councils that just absolutely thought no way that they're fixin' to leave and we sent them home. And he may be doing it to me but, uh, I'll have to see it, I don't believe it.
28. Clay (9/14): I thought all day long, “What would I do if I was in Brian's shoes?” You know, a million dollars is a lot of money. That can make a man change his mind but he stayed true and, uh, when he turned it over it said “Jan” and, uh, I was a happy man.
29. Clay (10/14): We got a boat that's just the heaviest boat I've ever saw in my life and it has been a burden in our butt ever since we got here.
30. Brian (8/10): The burning of the boat was like, a cleansing of the soul. I wanted to get rid of any sort of, uh... uh, bad energy.
31. Clay (11/14): We're finished. We're finished with the water run, we're finished paddling places, we're-we're finished gathering clams and crabs. It was, uh, nice to see it go.
32. Clay (12/14): Day 39 is the most memorable time of my life. I would not change anything I've done in the experience I've had in the last 39 days.
33. Brian (9/10): We're literally down to hours now. This isn't days, this isn't weeks-- we are down to hours.
34. Clay (13/14): If you look at the whole game, each one of us had to do something for the other one to survive... so somewhere all sixteen people ended up having helped the other one live on this island. We suffered a hell of a lot but when you're looking back on it, wow, what a memorable event!
35. Brian (10/10): We both had fun, we both brought meaning into this. We're now sitting in the, uh, winner's circle-- you can't get any higher in this game, and it's now up to a jury to decide our fate. This is strictly a game to me. It was about building relationships and cutting your loses to move on to the next level, to get to a certain position. But the relationships that you built weren't necessarily real. And it's a sad fact of reality of this game in this little buru. This game is dangerous. If you don't have strong skin, you're gonna be done quick. Just over the last couple of days things have gotten pretty, uh, touch and go, and there might have been some opinions formed in how cutthroat I am. It's a little scary to be sitting up there in the spotlight while you're interrogated.
36. Clay (14/14): Everybody respects Brian. He's a class act but, uh, Ted and Helen felt like they had a pretty solid base with ol Brian and, uh, they may feel more betrayed by him than me. I'm sure all sixteen of us come up there definitely not wanting to be the first one kicked off. Well, somebody had to be first one kicked off and somebody's gotta win the million, and it's just all the stuff in between these two people that it is the problem. I wish all of us here could get a million dollars but we can't, it ends up with one person, one lone Survivor, and, uh, I still got one more to beat.
