1. Phillip (1/4): I'm the C.E.O. of my own software company. But are there other layers to me? Absolutely. I'm a former Federal Agent. That's right, Special Agent Sheppard. That was my first and middle name for years.
2. Matt (1/2): My faith is everything. My entire life revolves around it. I pray every day as I strive to become more like my savior.
3. Ralph (1/2): They will call me a redneck, one crazy, stupid bastard. We ain't ever had a dumb ass to win the game, have we? Maybe it's my turn.
4. Francesca (1/7): We're on the beach, and we saw the mats and it's like, “Oh wow, this is really happening. I'm really on Survivor.”
5. Mike (1/3): I was in the Marine Corps. Uh, spent two deployments, went to Iraq twice. I think I'm going to win just because of my background. Uh, I think I've been trained for something like this.
6. Stephanie (1/3): Oh, my God! It's Russell. I don't even know whose team he's going to be on, but I'm going to stare down Russell, and I know when I stare down Russell, he'll know, oh, she's got a little-- a little evil inside of her because if I'm not the one person he picks to keep to the end, then no matter what, I'm going to be out. I'm gonna be out.
7. Russell (1/3): Redemption Island does not scare me one bit. It's a vacation. Yeah, put me on that island and see what happens. 'Cause Ima win the challenge, Ima come back and Ima take some heads off.
8. Francesca (2/7): When Jeff told us what Redemption Island is, and I was like, I didn't even know how to process it. I mean, it makes Rob and Russell being here a lot more complicated because they could definitely come back into the game even if we get rid of them. The good part of it is that if I get voted out, I could come back into the game. But the possibility of getting voted out was so not a reality to me that I only saw it as a downside. (chuckles) I'm like, damn it! Someone I vote out is going to come back to haunt me... Crap!
9. Russell (2/3): As soon as I walked to the camp, I was so grateful to be back to get my title of Sole Survivor. The first two, I was a school boy. This one, I'm bringing it. This is going to be the new me. Ima be the leader to my tribe. When I sit them all down and I take control of the camp, I'll become the leader of the camp.
10. David (1/1): I think anybody who doesn't think Russell is dangerous, is foolish. He's played the game twice and his ended up in the finals twice. He hasn't won and there's no mystery why he hasn't won. It's the way that he's chosen to play the game both times. He's too aggressive and, you know, he wants the blood on his hands.
11. Ralph (2/2): When I seen a big box of nails and all that, I loved it. Can't wait to get started. I've camped. I've built cabins. I've done all this kind of stuff. If they listen to me, I believe we can build a decent shack. Some of them I don't think knows what's going on but I don't want them to know that.
12. Mike (2/3): First impression, very good impression. I think we got a bunch of worker bees which is good. As long as we can win and stay away from the Immunity Challenges, I think we're gonna do damn well.
13. Matt (2/2): Things are going really well right now. Um, it's just such a blessing to have Rob here. With his history in construction and his experience being here and, I mean, his laid back approach is really bringing a lot of harmony to this tribe. I mean, we're just-- might as well call it “Camp Harmony” right now.
14. Natalie (1/1): I am so glad that we have Boston Rob. He's amazing. I'm just having so much fun with him. And I feel like a sense of comfort and... and I think if Russell was here, we would all be on edge, you know, 'cause he's nuts. He, you know, he would have... (deep sigh) He would have been crazy.
15. Francesca (3/7): I mean, probably the most annoying person so far is Phillip. I mean, he-he's just got that aggressive kind of like, in your face personality, which, you know, you just need to be careful out here because that's the kind of thing that can just turn people off.
16. Andrea (1/1): Oh, apparently, my hatcheting isn't the correct technique, but I mean, I don't even have the best aim, so I'm just trying to-- I'm just going at it. So, I grew up on a farm so I know how to use an axe and I know how to hammer. And I think he just likes playing the father role a little bit, so just let him do that.
17. Francesca (4/7): One of the best things about Phillip is the comic relief that's provided by the fact that he thinks that he used to be a Federal Agent is, like, this big secret, like, bombshell that he has, that he's holding and it, you know, it will just blow everyone's mind if they knew. (laughs) It's hilarious. Who cares?
18. Kristina (1/8): We have a whole basket full of stuff, and no one is looking for the Hidden Immunity Idol, the clue to it which-which is kind of weird 'cause you don't... you think maybe it's somewhere in the stuff.
19. Kristina (2/8): Yeah, everything is really new. Everyone is trying to get their footing. It's a little uneasy and the fact that-that Rob noticed I was looking for the-the clue, it worries me a little bit because I don't want to come off like, you know, this really aggressive strategizer and turn people off. So hopefully, he's the only person that really understood what was going on, but... it drives me crazy. I want it.
20. Phillip (2/4): I heard-- I heard somebody say to me, you know, that, you know, when you look at this game, a lot of people get really super paranoid, right? The thing about me and any Sheppard... No! I mean, Rob is-- he's sizing me up. So I like to think of it like two male lions... (imitates lions) You know, they're checking each other out. It's like, “Yeah.” You know, they're doing that whole thing and they're doing a little dance. But there will come a point... (howls) okay, where that's going to take over. (pointing to right shoulder tattoo)
21. Stephanie (2/3): Russell and I were looking for the Tree Mail, and he came up to me and I got all nervous because I felt like, “Oh, prom date.”
22. Stephanie (3/3): Russell is so sneaky. He was like, "Let's form an alliance." Which is great 'cause he's made it to the top three every time he played. So, of course I said yes.
23. Mike (3/3): I like David. David seems like a nice guy, he's pretty savvy. David told me that Russell had his hooks in Stephanie. Any pros of-of having, uh, Russell arounds have-have quickly evaporated. He's just going to spread paranoia and be a cancer to the tribe. So, at this point, there's nothing to be done yet except for the task at hand, which is... get Russell gone as soon as possible.
24. Kristina (3/8): I don't want to have Rob stick around that long. I mean, I like the guy. I-- he's a great guy, but he's dangerous to have on the tribe. The guys are in awe of Rob, and, you know, he's going after all the young girls because they're easy pickings. So whatever I do, I think he's probably who I'm going to try and focus on really quickly. If there's an idol out there, if I at all can do anything to find one, then I will do it. If anyone can do it on this tribe, it's me.
25. Kristina (4/8): My Immunity Idol antennae have-have been on alert since I hit the beach. Like, I wanted to find it. I knew it was here. I mean, even if it stood out in our camp, you know, I wanted to look around and poke around. I knew that in order for us to find it, we had to find landmarks. You know, our landmarks were going to be our map.
26. Kristina (5/8): The Hidden Immunity Idols, I mean, they're just-- it means power. I'm probably going to tell somebody about it, but I haven't decided who yet. But I can make this big giant splash of a move, and, like, get rid of Rob tonight if I wanted to. I really could.
27. Phillip (3/4): I'm a very processed person so if you came to me and said: "Look, we want to form this alliance and we want you to be a part of it and we want you to vote out Rob." I'm going to hear it for what it is and then I'm going to step back and I'm going to go through how you got there. It's called corroboration.
28. Francesca (5/7): I don't know how it happened, how did I get stuck with the old annoying guy in the droopy fuchsia briefs. He's such a pain in my ass. Did I mention that we're in an alliance together? How awesome!
29. Russell (3/3): We are stronger than they are. We're faster than they are. We're smarter than they are. I know how Boston Rob thinks. And right now, he's thinking, “Oh, crap. I'm stuck with a bunch of weenies.”
30. Ashley (1/1): Yeah, so we lost the first challenge today, which totally sucks, and in a way, like, I don't know if other people feel this way, but, I feel like we let Rob down. It's weird, but you want to please your leader, I guess. But it sucks we have to go to Tribal Council tonight.
31. Francesca (6/7): I was totally shocked that Kristina had the idol, but I'm amazed and it's totally made my day. And, so she's really, she was really excited about using it to blindside Rob tonight. And as much as that is, like, a fun and that would be amazing and feel really awesome in the moment, he is a strong competitor, and we still need him.
32. Kristina (6/8): Voting Natalie is better for the tribe. Voting Rob is better for me. I don't know, maybe. It's just all-- there's so many different ways it could go. But, I would just love to vote Rob off tonight. I would love to. I would just love to. He just like, it's like... Neah! (laughs) You know?
33. Rob (1/1): Originally, I wanted to vote Francesca off because the very first time I met her, she stood up on the mat, looked at Jeff, and said, "I don't want to play with him because he's too sneaky." She knows my game so I don't want someone like that on my tribe. But after thinking about it some more, the second we landed on our beach, Kristina was the one looking through all the supplies, looking for the Hidden Immunity Idol. She's dangerous. She knows strategy. She knows to get out there and work for it. To me, I don't need someone like that with me.
34. Kristina (7/8): I'm extremely nervous telling Phillip about the idol. He came up to me and said, "Well, you know, I've done my analytical thing, and, uh, we don't have the votes," and I'm-- I didn't want him to switch or do something weird or... I don't know, I just didn't tr-- I didn't-- I don't trust the guy, and that's why I hated telling him. I just felt I had to tell him. I just didn't have a choice there. He had to get some reassurance, you know, that he has some power here in this-- in this game.
35. Kristina (8/8): Hopefully he'll just keep a lid on it, but that was a risk. He can't handle the information. He can't just keep it on the down-low. He's just a spaz about it. He's a spaz about everything, if you really want to know the truth. Oh, God!
36. Phillip (4/4): In the tribe's best interest, it may not necessarily be the best interest to-to get rid of Rob. But is it in the interest of Phillip Sheppard and company who came to play a game and make some bold moves? And I think the longer Rob is around and solidifying those girls and that whole thing, I'm weakened, and so I need to get rid of him now. Good-Bye, Rob. And you're looking at the new leader... of our tribe.
37. Francesca (7/7): Wow. Um, I don't know what to say. I guess I should have trusted my instincts from the beginning, which was that, you know, that Phillip wasn't someone to be trusted. I have no idea what's going to happen. I don't know when the next person comes to Redemption Island. I have no idea what the duel is going to entail.
1. Francesca (1/4): After what happened at Tribal Council tonight, it's been kind of downhill. And now Redemption Island, my mind is just racing. I don't think I'm going to sleep tonight. I don't really see how I can sleep tonight. I don't know what I'm going to do.
2. Francesca (2/4): Tribal Council was crazy. I thought that it would be, but not like that. Phillip totally just had flipped out and said a lot of things. And I certainly wasn't expecting to be voted out, but it's alright. I have a second chance. Here I am on my island.
3. Francesca (3/4): I think that coming to Redemption Island could be the best thing for my game because, you know, I was on good terms with everyone in my tribe, but I was not part of, like, the core alliance. So if I can make it out here and come back at some point in the game when things are changing because things are changing every day, I mean, I could still win Survivor. I'm actually not sad at all that I'm not going back to my camp because I'd much rather be here than still be back in the game with Phillip and all those people.
4. Kristina (1/2): Tribal Council didn't go exactly as I had hoped. It would have been perfect if I hadn't mentioned anything to Phillip at all about having the Hidden Immunity Idol. I lost the battle, but it's not the end of the game. I still have the idol in my possession, and I am so grateful I did not play that thing. I'm so happy.
5. Rob (1/12): I know for a fact that Kristina and Phillip were lying but it doesn't take a genius F.B.I. man to figure that out. All you had to do was look at their faces and watch their lips moving.
6. Rob (2/12): This guy Phillip, F.B.I., whatever Special Agent, he is a piece of work. He told me that I own his vote for the rest of the time he's here until he goes to Redemption Island. I don't know if he's delusional. I think he's a good-hearted guy. I do. Just might not all be there. Let it be a lesson to you... government jobs, stressful.
7. Rob (3/12): With the exception of Phillip's little twist where he decided to out Francesca, things went pretty much according to plan. It seems as if this group of players knows how to follow directions. Phillip did it to himself. He's an idiot.
8. Phillip (1/1): When I went hunting for the crabs, you know, you find yourself going back to that primal state. There's a part of you that comes to a place where you realize that you're in Survivor, you are going to be tested in so many ways. When I revealed to the girls that I was a former Federal Agent, it was designed to let the girls know that I am a trustworthy person and at Tribal Council last night, Francesca maligned my character and, uh, I was definitely impacted emotionally, because one of the things about me is that I love my country. Having worn (voice breaks) the uniform... that I swore that I was prepared to de... to... to protect and defend... to have her try to take some of that pride I have, and having served as a Special Agent and earned the right to be called trustworthy... it hurt me. It made me angry. I had lots of emotional feelings going on. And I think the best lesson I got from last night for me personally, besides the game aspect, was I still love Phillip Sheppard. He's a good guy. And that's okay.
9. Russell (1/5): These fools that I'm dealing with, they ain't too bright. And poor old Ralph. That dude might be the dumbest player to ever play. He might be just the dumbest person on the face of the Earth. Besides (chuckles) being the dumbest player to play Survivor. This ain't All-Stars I'm dealing with. It's pitiful. But I've got a good player with me. Stephanie's a good player. Now all I need is Krista. Three worked for me before. I believe it just might work for me again.
10. Russell (2/5): I’ve come to realized that I can trust nobody but my people. Krista and Stephanie, my alliance, my two girls. That's it. I believe that's all I have right now. Right now, I have to go all out. So my plan is find the idol. Yeah, you've seen me play before. You know what you seen? You seen me finding idols. That's what you seen. It's how I play this game.
11. Ralph (1/3): Hey man, I found the Immunity Idol. Hot doggie! I was picking up rocks. I was picking up a few rocks, and I just happened to look in that stump, and I thought, “What's that rock doing in there?” And I pulled it out and there lay the idol. I just can't believe I found it that easy. Russell thought, oh, man, he's king at finding idols. He just knows where they're at. That was simple as... wiping your hiney with toilet paper. So, Russell, eat your heart out, man. Oh, baby, you're mine.
12. Andrea (1/2): Matt is really cute. (chuckles) Like, good to look at, but, you know we're just-- we're close. And I think that we have a little bit of loyalty going on.
13. Rob (4/12): Matt's trying to play the good guy, but Andrea knows what she wants, and if she can have her little puppy dog along for the ride, she's going to walk him. She's going to walk him all over this island. And for me, that's not good because I know how strong a pair can be in this game... like Amber and I. But now I'm thinking about who I'm going to sit next to at the end.
14. Rob (5/12): I think Natalie's a perfect partner at this point, but it's going to be hard, though. It's like, literally, picking the girl up, putting her on my back, and I'm going to drag your ass to the end, and hopefully they're going to give it to me at the end.
15. Natalie (1/1): I'm going to make big moves, but I really trust Rob, and I-- and-- and I think making big moves along with him will be smart.
16. Rob (6/12): Matt's shaking the opposition's hand after we lost the challenge, it's despicable. But when we just got our asses kicked, not once, but twice, back to back, I'm not going over to the other team and giving them hugs and kisses.
17. Russell (3/5): We just win the challenge, so I grab the basket because I know if there's going to be a clue, would be in that basket. And as I'm walking, I see a clue slipping out of the flippers. I don't say anything to anybody. I just grab the clue and put it in my hand. I know this game. This isn't my first rodeo.
18. Ralph (2/3): When we come back to camp, I seen Russell with a little rolled up piece of paper and said to myself, “He has got the daggone clue out of that daggone basket.” So, Russell he's going to pay the price because this is not Russell's game. This is my game.
19. Mike (1/1): After our victory, Sarita came and told me, within the fishing gear that we got, there was a clue, Russell stuffed it in his pocket, Ralph saw it. I think he knew. That's-that's-- that's what comes from experience 'cause he knew the clue was in there. The guy is the most untrustworthy character I've ever met in my life. He preached over and over that this game was about trust and who you could go deep with. You know, if we're in this together, you know, show me some faith and-and share the clue.
20. Russell (4/5): I have three people, three votes. That's all I need. I never had numbers. I always make it to the end. I don't need no stinkin' numbers. All I need is trust, loyalty. That's how I play this game.
21. Ralph (3/3): He's got it. It's alright. I've already got one. So, I didn't need it. I'll play his game. I'll show him how smart I can be. (winks) Right on.
22. Russell (5/5): What the hell was that? Ralph went off. He said he knows how to play this game. He's like, "I know how to play this game, too." Really?! Really?! You just done that to me, to Russell Hantz?! And you know how to play this game?!
23. Francesca (4/4): I got my Luxury Item today in Tree Mail. It's a journal. I have no idea what's going to happen. I don't know when the next person comes to Redemption Island. I have no idea what the duel is going to entail. And, you know, I hope we don't have to coexist here for a while. That would suck, especially if that person was Phillip.
24. Rob (7/12): So we get back from the challenge, and once again, we have to endure the pre- Tribal Council before Tribal Council.
25. Rob (8/12): Phillip blew the challenge, plain and simple. But look here, when we just got our asses kicked twice, and Matt goes to congratulate the other team, Matt's trying to play the good Christian game and the social game and the end game on Day friggin' 5. Wake up, brother.
26. Kristina (2/2): Tonight I'm playing the idol. I, you know, I don't have a choice. It's because they still have enough votes to vote off whoever they want, so I-- there's no way they're going to take a chance and not give me the majority and let me slip by again. So I'm playing it for sure, um, which is really sad. (sighs)
27. Grant (1/1): It's not something you want to see when you're in the heat of the moment of a challenge that you lost, your teammate, you know, going over and shaking hands, you know? I don't know. There's a time and place for those things, and that's that wasn't one of those times.
28. Rob (9/12): The first game plan was to vote out Phillip or Andrea. Well, Matt's getting four votes. I didn't want to play Survivor like this. I really didn't. I wanted to keep my team strong. I mean, I get it, Matt's playing Survivor. He's playing textbook. But he's playing with me.
29. Andrea (2/2): The plan for the alliance is that we are going to split the votes. Girls vote for Kristina, guys vote for Phillip and we're assuming that Kristina is going to use the idol and then Phillip will go home.
30. Rob (10/12): As far as Matt and Andrea are concerned we're going to split votes 3-3. The girls are all voting for Kristine. The guys are all voting for Phillip. But in all actuality, none of that is happening. Myself, Ashley, Natalie, and Grant, we're all voting for Matt. And Kristine with this idol, she better play that thing. If she plays the idol then we can break up Andrea and Matt, it's a home run.
31. Matt (1/2): Every day Rob impresses me. Like, it is unbelievable how well he can just talk to people and-and play this game and-and see what they need and fulfill that need. It's absolutely amazing.
32. Rob (11/12): Phillip's a tough cookie. I literally have to wait until one minute before we go to Tribal Council. I may actually even have to tell him at Tribal Council who to vote for because Phillip likes to talk a lot. He's liable to run around and tell everybody in the group everything we're doing.
33. Rob (12/12): This will be a good test to see if Phillip does what he says he's going to do. And if he does, he can start to earn his way back into the rotation. If I get there tonight, and Phillip starts telling everybody what I told him, Phillip will be sent packing.
34. Matt (2/2): I've been on an emotional roller coaster. Sometimes I feel like, I just want to go home. And then other times I'm thinking Rob just set me up to have this greatest comeback in Survivor history. I just have to stay strong and the Lord will be with me.
1. Francesca (1/1): Wow! So Matt got blindsided. I thought that seeing any part of Rob's alliance tonight was an impossibility. So I just knew it would be Phillip.
2. Matt (1/1): I feel sick to my stomach right now. Like, it-it-- it really-- it really hurts. I mean, there's a little anger. I don't know, I guess I just trusted Boston too-too soon. This is brutal. It's definitely hard to come here and try to pick yourself up after you've been as blindsided as I was. But at the same time, what an opportunity. To be the underdog and come back from Redemption Island and finish this game with a million dollars.
3. Rob (1/8): Tonight could not have gone any better. Not only do we blindside Matt. We were able to have Kristina get rid of her Immunity Idol, and Phillip was a loyal soldier.
4. Rob (2/8): Tonight I'm sitting in a good spot in this tribe, but tomorrow morning when I get up, I need to get Andrea feeling okay about everything because she's smart enough to know that we double crossed her, and she will definitely hold that resentment.
5. David (1/3): Tree Mail today, basically said that two people from the tribe were going to go to, uh, Redemption Island. Steve and I were the ones who ended up to be the ones to go to the duel. At Redemption Island I'm not exactly sure what to expect, but I'm glad that Russell and Stephanie and Krista didn't have the opportunity to go so they don't have an idea of what's there.
6. Andrea (1/2): We picked marbles and Ashley and I get to to go and watch the duel between Fran and Matt so I'm pretty excited. It's probably more about seeing Matt because we were really close and-- and I think if he realizes that I wasn't one that voted him out he could come back and be an asset for me to have.
7. Rob (3/8): We had to send two people to what we think is Redemption Island. We've got Andrea and Ashley both going over there. What I don't want is Andrea getting smart and talking to Matt, her island boyfriend. I just don't want her getting any ideas.
8. Steve (1/4): Going to Redemption Island was an eye opener. There might be an opportunity here. I'm thinking there might be some curveball for Russell to tell them that, uh, Francesca won the challenge and sent Matt home.
9. Rob (4/8): Redemption Island is real. I mean, there's a chance Matt could run the gamut over there and come back into this game. Andrea will go back to Matt before she'll stay with me. I know that. So I've got my work cut out for me with Andrea.
10. Andrea (2/2): I talked to Rob, and he assured me that I'm still part of their five, even though I have a feeling I'm probably in a really sticky position. So right now, strategically it's smart to stay with them and make sure they don't think I'm scheming, but I just don't believe him. So I need some way I can mix things up (tearfully) because, like, deep down, I'm-- like, I'm still really pissed about what they did. They, like, took, like, my good friend away.
11. Steve (2/4): We came back from Redemption Island and we told Russell that Matt was sent home. So whenever we vote Russell out, he'll get over there and see Matt, who could be a... quite a challenge for him and hopefully we'll never see Russell again.
12. Russell (1/5): I know it is six to three. So right now, the most important thing for me is finding the idol. If I find the idol, Russell gets another blindside. At last Immunity Challenge I got the clue for the idol, but it's so vague. Everything out here is alive, the trees, the running water. The clue said it was by something alive next to something... not. My mind is running a hundred miles an hour.
13. Ralph (1/2): Russell and 'em are still looking for the idol just as hard as they can look but he ain't going to get it now 'cause (expletive censor) I've got it. And I'm not saying anything about it. So this is not Russell's game no more. It's my game.
14. Stephanie (1/2): The great thing with-with Russell is that he has a great resume with Immunity Idols that he's found on his own. So we are gonna fake that we have the idol. And I am hoping that people believe I'm protecting the Immunity Idol. But right now, it is just a blank check with no money in the bank account. (chuckles)
15. Steve (3/4): We knew that Russell and his little harem have got, uh, the first immunity, uh, clue. Stephanie's carrying the bag around acting like she has the idol in there. Russell is always plotting and scheming. You just don't want the guy around. You know he's in it to do everything he can to backstab you. So, just gonna make sure that we stay on our toes until that cancer is cut out.
16. Mike (1/1): Russell has got some funk going on with his armpits. He shaved them up and now he's got a-a-a-a puss-filled rash all over the place. I mean, it's disgusting. He sits in the tent with his concubines and does nothing. He's like a black hole, you know, sucking in energy and light, everything.
17. Steve (4/4): There really is nothing bigger at this point than to get rid of Russell. He's an irritant. You cannot have this guy lay around and, uh, potentially bite any one of us.
18. Julie (1/3): They're thinking about throwing our next challenge. I'm just torn. I'm torn about that. Because I like to compete, and I can deal with Russell.
19. David (2/3): There's definitely a big tradeoff there between keeping Russell around and getting a tarp, but the plan as it stands right now is to throw the challenge. Hopefully the end result is, uh, is worth it.
20. Julie (2/3): Right now the plan is to throw the challenge. It's a decision that I'm not really feeling right with.
21. Russell (2/5): If I didn't know any better, I think that they threw the challenge. Every single one of 'em let the challenge go. I'm dealing with a bunch of bitches.
22. Rob (5/8): We won today's Immunity and Reward Challenge, and normally, that would put me through the roof happy. But now we have these little things called Hidden Immunity Idols. Now I know enough that there's probably a clue to that Hidden Immunity Idol somewhere hidden within our reward, and it was almost as if there was no time to celebrate because everybody's looking for where the clue could be. The game is always on. In the past, I ignored the Hidden Immunity Idol. Well, that didn't turn out too good for me. So this time around I decided maybe I can learn something, too. So I'm starting to look for 'em, and I'm starting to be diligent about it. I went through everything. And it was nowhere. And I look over and I see Phillip's fat ass bending the chair about to break it.
23. Rob (6/8): I looked down and the Hidden Immunity Idol clue is right underneath his ass. It's sitting, sewn inside the fabric of the chair.
24. Rob (7/8): How lucky was that? Had Phillip not been so fat, that chair wouldn't have been bending as much and I wouldn't have told him to move.
25. Rob (8/8): The clue basically could have read "the Hidden Immunity Idol is somewhere" I mean, it could be anywhere. I'm happy that I found the clue 'cause I know now that nobody else found the clue. But I don't plan on telling anybody about the clue because I want the idol for me.
26. Ralph (2/2): Well, it was a thrown challenge. Because we do gotta get Russell out as quick as possible. Russell thinks he runs the show, and he don't. He's not my boss and he's not bossing me.
27. David (3/3): The plan tonight is to-to give three votes to Russell and three votes to Stephanie in the absolutely remote, rare event that Russell did find an idol. So if everything goes as planned tonight, Russell will go home.
28. Russell (3/5): I think they threw the challenge. It makes me sick to my stomach because you have to win right now. You can't get Boston Rob momentum. Not in this game.
29. Stephanie (2/2): Tonight at Tribal Council, we were thinking the votes would be split three, three and three because they would want to flush out the idol and get rid of one of us. So all it would take is for one of their six to flip on them and vote with us, so that we would get the majority of the votes.
30. Julie (3/3): This is a game turner right here, this vote. So, it's a lot of pressure. I have thought it out both ways. Should I go with Russell? Should I trust him? Because I know how good he is.
31. Russell (4/5): If this happens, game on. This will be the biggest move, bigger than any move I've ever made. This will be a shocker.
32. Russell (5/5): This is the first time I've ever been voted out. I don't like it at all. I was pissed off. I wanted to bitch-slap every single one of 'em. Right now, this is his house. I'm about to take it from him.
1. Matt (1/2): Russell Hantz just walked into my camp. I figured I'd see him sooner or later, but first off? Man, that's a bit of a surprise.
2. Russell (1/3): This is the first time I've ever been voted out. I was pissed off. I wanted to bitch-slap every single one of 'em. The whole time they was lying to me. They told me Francesca was here, and it isn't. It's this other kid. And it sucks because Francesca might have been easier to beat in challenges. But it doesn't matter. He's a rookie. So he's going to be nervous as hell doing the challenge against me, and I'm just take him out.
3. Russell (2/3): Right now, this is his house. I'm about to take it from him. Ima keep winning. My tribe, they're going to come here one at a time, I'm going to pick 'em off, and I'm going to make them suffer. Ima say, "Sleep in the mud, fool!"
4. Natalie (1/2): This morning, while everybody was trying to sleep, Phillip was up at the crack of dawn sweeping. He's just a pain in the butt. He's so annoying. And he's so weird.
5. Rob (1/8): Phillip is a piece of work. I mean, who comes on Survivor and wears pink tighty-whiteys with his stuff just hanging out and, you know, just flopping around everywhere? It's not only... disturbing. It's-it's actually disgusting. It's like your dad should have bought a new pair, like, months ago. You don't want your friends coming over to play and seeing that.
6. Phillip (1/5): These young people out here, they don't understand me. They don't know if I'm a criminal or a schoolteacher. They don't know how to take me, so I'm a little frustrated out here. Given that this is a social game, it's a huge disadvantage for me. So there has to be another side of me that emerges, the guy that's undercover. 'Cause I'll tell you this much, I'm prepared to do what I need to do to win a million dollars.
7. Stephanie (1/1): Last night, Russell went to Redemption Island. So now Krista and I are here, stuck with all these goobers, and not really having any fun. (chuckles)
8. Krista (1/1): At this point, I'm bummed, but I've got to put the game face on because one of us is going to go home, unless we find the Immunity Idol.
9. Ralph (1/3): When I had found the Hidden Immunity Idol, I was planning on nobody knowing, but Stephanie and Krista left the camp. And I thought, “Well, shoot, right now is the fine time to let 'em all know.”
10. Ralph (2/3): Man! They all was tickled to death. So now I think I've got 'em captured to take me and them further in the game. I didn't want them to stray off from me. When you got a catch you hang on to it.
11. Mike (1/2): We have the power right now. We're controlling this tribe but I would not be surprised if, uh, if we saw Russell back in this game. However, now that we have the idol, if and when he comes back, it's going to be very, very difficult for him to go deep into this game.
12. Phillip (2/5): I definitely want to visit Redemption Island because of my background as a Special Agent with the United States Government. I'm looking for a little intel to help me to win this game.
13. Sarita (1/1): I am so excited to watch this, especially with Ralph by my side, and if I am able to watch Russell walk off and go home, that would be my million dollars, almost.
14. Russell (3/3): This duel is going to be man on man, good versus evil type thing. I like Matt. He's a good guy. If this was the real world, I'd be rooting for Matt, but it's not. This is Survivor.
15. Matt (2/2): Russell Hantz is definitely the biggest villain in Survivor history, hands down. But I'm fighting to honor my God, and, uh, because I want it so deeply and so truly I think I'm going to come out on top.
16. Phillip (3/5): Thanks to Russell, I've learned some very interesting things today and I'm going to use that to help me. After all it is the game of Survivor: Outlast, Outwit, Outplay. That's what I'm here to try to do.
17. Rob (2/8): While Phillip and Kristina were away at the duel today, I started thinking I need to find the Hidden Immunity Idol before Kristina finds it again. I already have the clue and I had a good idea that it was on this side of camp and I needed to get everybody out of camp for the day. So I created this game. We're calling it “Royal Treatment.” So I'm trying to think how am I going to get away from everybody after I'm the one that planned this whole beach day. So I tell them I'm having a little bit of trouble moving things down in that area, you know, and I feel like something might be happening. So I bring them to the nice part of the beach where the sand is really nice, and immediately, Grant heads into the ocean, perfect. I don't have to even look Grant in the eye. I don't have to make an excuse. They'll cover for me. So I look at the girls, I said, "It's time. I'm gonna try to relieve myself." I knew I had a limited amount of time. So I high-tailed it back to camp, and it's like, game on! Where is this thing? The clue, it basically told me that it's somewhere on the island, either in a tree, under a rock, in the sand, or in a log. What a great clue.
18. Rob (3/8): I'm digging through rocks. I'm climbing trees. I'm looking everywhere. And I'm having a really tough time. So I just started searching from tree to tree. At this point, I've already been gone for fifteen minutes. I need to get back to the beach. Otherwise, it going to look suspicious. You know, there's probably about forty trees in our immediate area. And I think it was maybe thirty-eight or thirty-nine, I finally looked up. Ding-Ding! Yeah, baby, maybe I learned something since last time. As for my plans for it, right now, I'm not sure. But one thing I do know is that with this Immunity Idol, this time I'm going to make it 39 days and win.
19. Julie (1/2): I am stoked that Russell's out of the game. I-I still can't believe it. Our plan worked. And I am so relieved that he's not going to come back and get me. He's gone! Yay! He's gone!
20. David (1/2): Stephanie and Krista showed some emotion that indicated they were still in camp Russell, which I can understand. I think the fact that everybody else was kind of dancing on his grave, you know, just added insult to injury.
21. Phillip (4/5): Rob has told me we're in an alliance but I have a feeling he told Matt the same thing. So for me, I know I'm kind of like the odd man out, so... is it better for me to have Kristina stay in the game? Well, if I could pull one other person then she would be very valuable to me.
22. Kristina (1/3): Phil told me that he was going to withhold the names of the people until Rob took us to the merge, and then at that point reveal the names, kind of like blackmail. The Specialist thinks he's running the show, but The Specialist is just one, big windbag. So I'm just going to sit back and let him dig his own grave right now.
23. Rob (4/8): Phillip is lobbying for Kristina all of a sudden. I'm like, “Hey, dumb ass! Aren't you in my alliance? Don't you work for me? Now you're telling me who I should grant favors to?” Big mistake, Phillip.
24. Rob (5/8): If he felt secure, why would he ever want to keep Kristina? So Phillip knows where he's standing.
25. Grant (1/2): As far as Phillip goes, after this, there's no trust whatsoever now. I don't know how long it's going to take, but I mean, this can't go on much longer.
26. Julie (2/2): I'm a little superstitious, and I do believe in karma. So it is so important for us to win this one, to build up momentum. Um, we threw that last challenge, and I hope it doesn't come back to bite us. We have to win this today.
27. Mike (2/2): This victory truly was exponential. I have never been this hungry in my life. I haven't thought about sex this two weeks. All I'm thinking about is food.
28. Ralph (3/3): It was awesome. We had red meat and some kind of sausage link, and onions, tomatoes, bell peppers. It tasted great. I sucked stuff out of my fingernails that haven't been cleaned since I got here. And I asked any of the other ones if they wanted their fingers cleaned to lick I'd work on them, too.
29. David (2/2): There is definitely a good mood rolling through the camp now. Everybody's got food in their belly. I definitely don't wish ill upon the other tribe, but I'm really glad that we're not sitting in their shoes now trying to figure out what to do about Tribal Council tonight.
30. Rob (6/8): Man, we can't win a challenge. It's tough already, and Phillip, he's never one to shy away from a moment in the sun. I mean, at this point, there's, like, an utter malice towards him that's palpable.
31. Ashley (1/1): Phillip, I cannot stand him. Like, can't even look at him. That's how bad I can't stand him. And I think we're all on the same page. But, you know, we've got to go to Tribal tonight so might as well make the best of it. I just hope Phillip goes home!
32. Kristina (2/3): Going to Tribal tonight, I'm thinking it's myself or Phillip going home. I'm on the wrong side of the numbers in this tribe. I have been since Day 1. At the same time, they might vote for Phillip because he does annoy everybody. So I think I have a good chance, but if I had the idol in my pocket, I'd feel better.
33. Natalie (2/2): Kristina is kind of acting weird. She's not frantically searching for the idol, which is very strange. Could mean that she has it. Could mean that she doesn't. I don't know.
34. Rob (7/8): Apparently, Kristina has been snooping around about the idol. She's dangerous. As much as everybody else hates Phillip and doesn't trust Phillip, he's less of a threat to me than Kristina is. I don't want to give it away that I have the idol. I want them to think Kristina has it so we're going to split the vote. We're going to throw three votes on Kristina, two votes on Phillip and if everybody does what they're told, Kristina will be voted out.
35. Grant (2/2): The plan is at Tribal Council tonight to get rid of Kristina, but I think it's a mistake. Phillip is just a loose cannon, right? You don't know what he's going to do.
36. Rob (8/8): Grant, he wants to get rid of Phillip tonight, and those girls are obsessed with getting Phillip out. So it quite conceivably could be that somebody within my alliance might be willing to flip and vote out Phillip. Hopefully, all these guys get nice in line like they should and do as they're told. If not, I'm not in control of my tribe after all.
37. Phillip (5/5): Sure enough, Rob wants to vote Kristina. Clearly, he's not a man of his word. So I need to take control of my own fate and at Tribal Council be ready to make the moves you need to make to survive. Because who knows? I could be the real target. Anything can happen in the game of Survivor.
38. Kristina (3/3): They just got my rear end raked across the coals at Tribal Council. I'm not surprised. I mean, you can't be surprised being voted off of Survivor but it's a whole new ballgame now. I'm going to have to face off with Matt and, uh, just do the best I can and get out there and give it all I have and just rock it. That's what my strategy is right now.
1. Phillip (1/4): Tonight, Kristina went home after a 4-3 vote, three for me, four for her. Not too surprising. I suspected it. There was a very close alliance with Rob and several others in the group. They've been running the show from the get-go. And, uh, I'm kind of like the odd man out around here, even though I think I bring a lot to this tribe, and soon a couple of people are going to wake up and realize that.
2. Rob (1/5): Tribal Council is always a miserable night all around. On top of it, Phillip is bugging everyone, including myself. He's completely off his rocker, walking around in his pink panties. Nobody trusts him. As long as Phillip is aggravating everybody so much it takes all of the heat off of me, so in a way, maybe he needs to stay.
3. Steve (1/2): Day 12... the spirits of the tribe are high, you know, as long as we keep excelling in the challenges. Everything is kind of coming along as planned. My six is rock solid and my vision would be to try to reach out to those two girls. There's always hope to bring Krista and Stephanie in. If we can show them that we're a solid family and there's none of backstabbing and it's a safe place to be, I would think that they would want to hang tight with us going into a merge.
4. Julie (1/4): Now that Russell is gone, Stephanie and Krista, they're not even a threat. They can go do whatever they want. They can talk about whatever they want. We really don't care. They're... they're just pawns in this big game. They can't do any damage to us.
5. Stephanie (1/4): I'm hoping to send the other tribe a message that they have two girls ready to flip so we're ready to cause some havoc and chaos and, oh, craziness at the merge!
6. Stephanie (2/4): I didn't even plant a seed in Rob's head. It's more like I took a sequoia tree and just, like, put it in his brain. This is the only thing I have to hold on to to stay in this game.
7. Phillip (2/4): Rob and Grant stepped away to go watch the duel at Redemption Island, so, uh, kind of funny kinda day for me. For me, it's just, like, I can't make an impression on these ladies so it's frustrating for me. These girls, uh, remind me of crabs, to be honest, back at camp, you know? Particularly Natalie and Ashley. I have a very difficult time trying to approach them. They're quick to move away. They see me coming. And they don't want to have a conversation with me about it. Uh, they definitely remind me of crabs. Andrea is a little bit more approachable, but she's cautious 'cause she doesn't want Rob or Grant to know that she's talking to me, even though they're the ones who sent her closest ally, Matt, to Redemption Island.
8. Ashley (1/3): We miss the boys. Like, Rob and Grant are like our big brothers. Like, it's weird not having them around, and so we had to fake it to make Phillip feel part of the group. We had to fake it so Andrea feels comfortable. There's a lot of faking going on, but that's the name of the game.
9. Andrea (1/2): My relationship with the girls is... is just-- there is a level of frustration that's growing a little bit because they... they just don't do that much. It's a little agitating to me because I want to keep, you know, getting stuff done and keep going but I also kinda have to hang out with them so I feel like us three girls are together. Like, they're sweet girls but the girls-- the conversations usually going to, like, superficial stuff like, "Oh, how's my hair? Oh...," like, talking about stuff like that.
10. Andrea (2/2): Right now, everyone feels safe and, “Oh, we have our five, we have our five.” But, I mean, if I had it my way I would want to get rid of Natalie and Ashley before Phillip but I can't really bring that up without putting myself on the chopping block.
11. Phillip (3/4): I made some real synergy with Andrea today. And I think that maybe in the future, that will hold something both for she as well as for I. So to fully understand my relationship with Rob is: the king is a dictator, and I'm a lord, and I'm waiting for my opportunity to replace the king. (chuckles)
12. Stephanie (3/4): Redemption Island is beautiful because we got to speak and Rob heard us loud and clear unless for some reason he lost his hearing because as he was leaving, he told us to hang on. And that's what we're going to do. We're going hang on.
13. Stephanie (4/4): This is our best thing right now and hopefully things go our way. I mean, like that's the only thing I can hold on to right now because my head is on the chopping block and I don't want my head to go rolling. (chuckles)
14. Krista (1/3): Since Russell has left, there has been zero talk of strategy. Everything has just been, "Oh, how awesome we did at the challenge.” “No, you did great.” “No, it was all you.” I mean, that's all that anyone has talked about, or they're just not playing the game. And when the game makes them play it, they're going to be very disappointed.
15. Mike (1/2): Krista and Stephanie, they're kind of on the outskirts of our tribe. I know that they're definitely, uh, conspiring together. I mean, they were part of Russell's alliance, and they-- they've remained pretty tight, uh, from there. So there definitely are some risks, but I don't-- I don't see it playing into the fa-- into the game too much at this point.
16. Julie (2/4): I feel like the tribe is a little over-confident right now, and there's reason for it, but we threw that challenge, and I hope it doesn't come back to bite us. You know, once you start winning you get on a roll, and to kinda stop that roll, I'm a little superstitious when it comes to that so I want everybody to keep things in check, you know, until we actually win, then we can be cocky or whatever, but right now, it's kind of bad karma.
17. Sarita (1/2): If you are calling out the directions, you are also being the puzzle maker and Stephanie is good. She is a linguist, you can tell. I knew she was going to be great at calling things out. She's bossy as all get-out, so that was definitely the job for her.
18. David (1/1): I mean, I'm not God's gift to the puzzle world but I mean, I'm a hell of a lot more qualified to be doing a word puzzle than Stephanie. Sarita is trying to be too fair, let everybody have a chance, everybody play and the bottom line is this isn't like a-a peewee soccer league.
19. Rob (2/5): I'm good at puzzles so this could be a turning point for this tribe, you know? There's no way they can take this win away from us.
20. Julie (3/4): Well, even though we lost today in the challenge we really won. This is going to be between Krista and Stephanie. Those two are on the chopping block tonight.
21. Ashley (2/3): Oh, my gosh, the chocolate donuts! I can't even choose a favorite. Like, them-- I'm obsessed, I love muffins. Those muffins, it was, like, apple cinnamon or something and it was so good.
22. Phillip (4/4): We got a win today. (points to smiling teeth) You get to see my beautiful whites more often.
23. Ashley (3/3): Oh, yeah, Phillip was like, "I'll trade a donut if someone gives me a massage." I was like, “I wouldn't give you a massage for a dozen donuts, buddy.”
24. Grant (1/1): Sure enough, I pick up the coffee after, you know, eating and everyone is distracted by the food. I swirl it around a little bit and give it a smell, and as I'm smelling I see what looks like to be a little roll of paper. Sure enough, Rob saw the same thing. How do you do? You got all your tribe around looking but nobody caught it, I don't think.
25. Rob (3/5): Then Grant set a block for me. I was gonna take it out and put it in-- down my pants but I was like, “If I do that it's too obvious I have it on me.” I was like, “How can I get this whole thing over there so that I can make him come back to the camp?” So when Grant turned the other way he set a pick for me and I went around the outside. It was like a well-choreographed football play.
26. Rob (4/5): I'm going to go switch this with the clue that I already have. And give him the first clue and keep this one. So we gotta move. Today's a good day. What can I say? Not only did we win immunity and reward, but I got very lucky and had someone hand me the clue to the Hidden Immunity Idol and I just went to go hide it for him. Unbeknownst to Grant, I ran to my stash and my original Hidden Immunity Idol clue that I had buried, swapped them out and put the original clue in my hand in place of the one that he thinks that we took out of the coffee. That first clue is so ridiculous. It says something about, like, “Looking in the sand and under a rock or maybe in a tree, dig for it, climb for it.” Who knows? There's no way they're finding anything with it.
27. Rob (5/5): When Grant first came up to me I wasn't sure if he had saw me in the other woods so I had to, like, you know, pretend like I was nervous. I mean, this is really all for nothing because I already have the Immunity Idol, you know, but it's fun for me. I have to entertain myself out here somehow. I had to hustle, you know, but you gotta hustle if you wanna make a dollar. Everybody knows that.
28. Steve (2/2): It's absurd for Sarita to go with her decision that Stephanie thinks she's the right person. Everybody knows that we've got a very strong attorney that, uh, he lives with doing puzzles. That's his thing. I-I'm more disappointed in the whole team than at Stephanie, for a couple of strong personalities not to step up.
29. Mike (2/2): Stephanie and Krista made their bed on Day 1, literally and metaphorically, right next to Russell. So I don't see either of them as, uh, as someone I can trust. Um... you know, with Stephanie's floundering today at the puzzle, I might put her as on the chopping block number one.
30. Julie (4/4): I'm hoping that we can still reel Stephanie in, but yeah, Krista, she's got-- they both have targets, but Krista has the bullseye on her.
31. Sarita (2/2): If it was entirely up to me, David would be going home tonight but Stephanie and Krista... uh... they played their hands so early on, so now it's kind of they are two dead ducks sitting on a lake waiting for the gunshots.
32. Krista (2/3): The sad thing is that there's... there's really no scrambling for Stephanie and I to do. It's either me or Stephanie going home. They're so locked tight in their comfort of: "Oh, let's just get through this one and then we know we're safe." No more thinking past the fact that what happens if after this vote, everyone makes it to the merge? They're not thinking about that. And who is going to stick around in the end and who would you want to be sitting next to when the votes come down? If I had to put money on it, I would say that none of them are going to make it to the end. I just wish I was going to be around to see it.
33. Krista (3/3): Walking in to Redemption Island is, I'm not gonna lie, is-- it's a really scary, lonely feeling. But, you know, I have a light and a strength within me that not anybody can take away. And it's starting to rain, and it's going to be cold.
1. Krista (1/2): I was excited about meeting Matt because I saw him in the duel and, you know, he has such a positive attitude, just refreshing, I guess you could say. Even with talking with him through-through the first five minutes I feel like he has so much more substance than half the people that I was with on my tribe for the past 14 days.
2. Matt (1/3): Krista came in tonight, I was pretty excited to see her at first, but I quickly realized that she is a firecracker and she is here for business.
3. Steve (1/5): Tribal last night got a little ugly but in the end Krista was our vote, and to my surprise, Krista and Stephanie both voted for me. That was kind of a cold slap of reality.
4. Stephanie (1/5): I was trying to be delicate. I am gonna, you know, not be too crazy about bashing people, 'cause I don't want to get sent to Redemption Island and right now I am at the bottom. So it's, like, as much as I hate sucking it up with these people who are complete (expletive censor) I'm gonna do it because I want to get further in the game.
5. Steve (2/5): It's crazy 'cause I come from thirteen years in the NFL and it's a gut check that I'm definitely gonna have to dig deeper. But her vote against me last night, I consider it stupid.
6. Steve (3/5): She is basically tightening the rope around her neck. If, uh, we end up to go back to Tribal she is out.
7. Ashley (1/3): Natalie and I kind of started a little SPA day today. We are like, clipping our leg hairs and like, fixing our eyebrows. Rob's making a daybed, Andrea is pretending to help. Phillip is always checking on the fire constantly like, every, you know, twenty, thirty minutes. But I mean, if you can make yourself be more comfortable, why not? I worked hard all of my life, you know, I was a basketball player, I was in pageants, it's not like I'm lazy. Natalie and I are just... we're hanging. (chuckles)
8. Phillip (1/3): If I go to Redemption Island before Ashley and Natalie, there is something wrong with the game, because those two girls, they are on a beauty pageant. That's their whole world. But it's hard to compete and do anything when you got two girls who won't get off their butts and they don't give you real credit for anything. It reminds me of that, you know, when somebody who don't like dogs had a dog. You've seen that. (taps canteen like tapping a dog) I'm their redheaded stepchild! These two girls must go. They've been here 14 days and frankly, the pageant is over.
9. Krista (2/2): It was great getting my Luxury Item, you know, provided some comfort and just some strength of words of wisdom and nice strong relationship with the Lord, that strength and the guidance that you can't find anywhere else.
10. Matt (2/3): Krista's, uh, different from the other competitors I've faced, for one key reason, it's just that both of us have really been struggling with not having a faith community and other believers to kind of lean on and talk with about our beliefs and how we feel. It certainly makes it a lot more difficult to compete with her. I definitely have a little anxiety about the possibility that this could be my last day.
11. Matt (3/3): Krista left her Bible to me and I can't explain how much that meant to me, because that book just breathes life. I can never thank her enough.
12. Andrea (1/1): Krista gave him her Luxury Item, a Bible, on her way out, and they were so close, and then... my whole, like, image of Matt changed. I had a really good bond with him but, you know, obviously he bonded with Krista just as well. So even though initially, I was like, “I want Matt to stay in as long as possible,” he could be very dangerous as well.
13. Julie (1/1): Poor Sarita, she thought she had a cavity and then she said some bacteria got into it. I don't know how she knows that. She's just kind of a drama queen princess.
14. Ralph (1/1): Sarita, she is trying to be a two-facing girl for this kind of game. Like cleaning her teeth with a piece of dirty stick and gashed her gum. Uh, I mean, that's a good way to really get out of the game on your own. Out here it's-- everything is nasty, and sticking stuff like that in her mouth. I mean, who in the God's name would be worrying about your back teeth?
15. David (1/2): Stephanie is a capable competitor in the challenges and I think unquestionably, Sarita, at this point in time, is the weakest player in the tribe. If there is a way for me to get Stephanie to be more a part of the group and ultimately keep her, I would do that, uh, to sacrifice Sarita.
16. Phillip (2/3): I see the clouds are coming in, probably going to get an early rain as we did last night. I consider this the... the-the calm before the storm. You know, I've been frustrated with-with Natalie and Ashley. They lay around when they see that there is work to be done, and that I might be able to use some assistance. And those girls are getting the fruits of my labor but they are not giving me one iota of credit for it, zero. And I am not going to stand there and go, “Girls, can't you see how hard I'm working? Give me some love, too!” You know, I am not gonna play that game.
17. Ashley (2/3): Phillip is mental. Like, he literally has a mental... somebody needs to diagnose him. It's just annoying. I just... I'm done with him, done.
18. Rob (1/3): I think this fracture is gonna end up splitting this tribe. The best thing for us to do is to keep winning and not get rid of anyone, so immediately I decided I need to take Phillip aside and I need to squash this thing right away. I had to play Arafat in like a peace process to bring the tribe back together again. Phillip was right, I mean, the girls weren't doing anything, but the less they do the happier I am. I don't want them to be working hard and, you know, giving us a reason to write your name down to win a million dollars at the end of this thing. I want you to ignore the crap out of everyone as much as possible.
19. Stephanie (2/5): The first thing on my to do list of trying to get back into this tribe is to talk to Steve, but I hate apologizing for stuff like that, so it's like, “Okay, suck it up.”
20. Steve (4/5): Stephanie took a moment and really tried to either play the game a little better or by trying to win me over or really coming from her heart. I'm not sure. I know she is working hard, so I'm going to keep that door open with Stephanie. I always try to believe in people until they absolutely, you know, until I get stomped on.
21. Stephanie (3/5): Steve, he agrees with me that Sarita is a weaker competitor, so I wo-would love to go into a challenge where I could show off everything I have and then Sarita is lacking and I pick up her slack and we win the challenge and everyone is really happy with me and it's so great, you know? Anything would help me at this point. I need to drag her down and bring me up.
22. Steve (5/5): Our decision tonight is vital going into the next challenge. We've lost two in a row and I have got to have a winning team with the right attitude and a lot of fight in 'em, not a lot of lip service by Stephanie and not a lot of uptown girl like Sarita. It's going to be a tough decision.
23. Ashley (3/3): Oh, my gosh. This is the best reward. We got food that we could have eaten for days. It was like, fish, guacamole, like, everything we wanted to eat was on the table.
24. Rob (2/3): So we show up at the reward, and we all know that there is going to be a clue to the Hidden Immunity Idol, because there is always a clue. So right away, I spot the clue underneath the lobster tails in the centerpiece of the table. At this point, there's not really any reason for me to do it, so I realized that if I can't get it without anybody else seeing that I got it, I'm gonna let one of them get it. So Grant sticks his hand under and he grabs the note.
25. Rob (3/3): So as Grant is showing me the note, Phillip ends up walking up the stairs and sees the note, too. It was a little bit like-like, Grant and I were back in school and we got busted by the principal.
26. Phillip (3/3): I've been in an alliance with Rob, Grant and myself. In fact, I call ourselves: “Stealth-R-Us.” I'm The Specialist, Rob is The Mentalist, and Grant is The Assassin. And yet today, when Rob and Grant found the clue for an idol and they tried to hide it. Well, hell hath no fury like a lion or a gorilla when he thinks he's been provoked. If you are going to make an alliance with me you better adhere to it 'cause I'm all about integrity. I served my country for four years eleven months thirteen days, for duty, honor, country. That means something to me, and when you try to trash on that, me and the United States got something for you when you try that one, baby. I could dwell on a place of negativity right now based on what I just saw... I'm not going to do that. I'm going to smile and when the time comes, (kicks) I'm gonna kick a little ass around here.
27. David (2/2): As a result of the loss today we are headed to Tribal Council tonight and it's, uh, it's gonna be interesting. I, uh, I have been lobbying for Stephanie to stay and Sarita to go. Sarita is more like the team mom than a member of the team and that's not what we need. We need somebody now who can actually contribute on the field.
28. Sarita (1/1): What I think is happening right now is that David and Stephanie are doing their damnedest to-to try to swap her name on the docket with my name. I would like to see Stephanie leave, but I'm not really going to go campaigning because I'm the most loyal person that my tribe will ever see and they all know that.
29. Stephanie (4/5): If they don't keep me, they are going to lose every single challenge, because they are not going to be able to carry Sarita anymore. Julie noticed that, Steve is noticing that and I know Dave is on my side. I ain't over yet.
30. Mike (1/1): As we go to Tribal Council, one thing we gotta weigh is that if Stephanie goes home, Sarita is going to be in the next challenge. Sarita is just kind of been... cruising. Stephanie has more fight in her. If Stephanie can prove that we can trust her, I'm not totally opposed to keeping her around. It's absolutely not set in stone tonight.
31. Stephanie (5/5): My strategy out here is to be brutally honest about Zapatera tribe. When I win, I'm not going back to them. That's obvious. (chuckles)
1. David (1/2): The two votes against, uh, Sarita were Stephanie and mine. I didn't want to make any bones about where I stood. I did what I had to do and I wanted to make my place and my position known, and if it's the end of me, then so be it.
2. Sarita (1/5): Tribal is never good but tonight was especially bad because come to find out our gang of six did have a major hole in it, which as I had suspected,David had gone over to the dark side, to Stephanie.
3. Steve (1/2): This is the six we've wanted back in Day 1, but there's a big rift between David and Sarita. Dave's showing that he can be a bit of an antagonist but hopefully David can, uh, be man enough and put his ego and pride and emotions aside and, uh, you know, for the bigger cause of the team. If not, there-there could be problems.
4. Matt (1/1): Stephanie, she came in and her mouth was just going a mile a minute and it's kind of annoying and I'm ready to go to the duel right now. I really wanna win this one. And I told God that I'm going to stay out here as long as He wants me to be out here. And so, I'm in it for the long haul.
5. Phillip (1/5): There's another duel. Rob and I are going to go. I just don't trust Rob anymore because yesterday Rob and Grant found a clue to an idol and I went and I followed them. And when Rob saw me, he tried to hide it. Miyamoto Musashi, a very famous Japanese horseman, once wrote a book called "The Book of Five Rings," and in that book he said, what you want to do, which is so difficult, is let your enemy move first, and that's where Rob's weakness is. He likes to be extremely controlling, and he wants to control me and all the other players, but nobody's controlling me.
6. Rob (1/8): Phillip wanted to go to the duel. He's not allowed to go without a chaperon so I gotta babysit his ass for the day. Phillip has a big mouth. He likes to talk and he can't be trusted. He's dangerous because of his stupidity. He's probably the most unaware person I've ever met in my entire life.
7. Rob (2/8): Little Phillip couldn't keep his mouth shut. And I'm telling you when the merge is coming, Phillip is ready to make a big move, and by big move he means, let's get Rob out.
8. Rob (3/8): Right when we got back to the beach, Phillip asked me how much if any I wanted to tell the tribe of what went on. I wasn't upset that Phillip suggested we don't say anything to the tribe. In actuality, I was hoping for it, actually praying for him to say something like that to me, so I could just use it as ammunition. I mean, an opportunity presents itself for me to throw Phillip further under the bus.
9. Rob (4/8): I took all this information to relayed it all to the tribe because I want everybody on the same page. I want everybody to know that the target's on me so that they feel safe, number one, and, number two, I need to keep everybody else against Phillip.
10. Rob (5/8): With all the attention focused on Phillip and everybody using him as a punching bag, I'm free to maneuver and do what I need to do.
11. Rob (6/8): If we lose, there won't be any blindside. I'll go right up to Phillip and I when he asks me who to vote for and I'll say, "You know what, Phillip? You're going home." I'll front-side him.
12. Ralph (1/2): I think David is floating away. If we merged, he'd jump to their team, just, Bam!, like that, I do believe. Well, he's-he's a lawyer, and lawyers, you-you gotta look at 'em that way. They're-- think they're a lot better than everybody else.
13. Steve (2/2): The thirty year old, David, attorney is telling the forty-five year old Ralph, Mr. Outdoorsman, that we ought to go fishing. So, Dave is getting tough to stomach.
14. Sarita (2/5): David's personality is such that I find him extremely selfish and egotistical. A-as much as he thinks he's the king of riding the wild waters of Survivor, he isn't savvy at the social game at all.
15. Ralph (2/2): David, he might be smart, but, uh, it don't take a smart one to win this game. It just takes somebody that knows how to maneuver around and play the ball. When it comes out here in the general world, survivin' ain't much for him. He's got to go.
16. Phillip (2/5): Everybody likes the brown crispy rice, but Rob likes it in particular. I walked over and said, "Can I have a little scoop, a spoonful, a teaspoonful of the crispy?” “No, no, no, you can't, you can't, it's all for Rob, it's all for Rob” Even though there's a full portion. “If you want, you can have some of that portion, but you can't have any of the crispy.” How asinine is that. I'm sick and tired of the fact that they act like, because Boston Rob is Boston Rob, he gets deference to everything. Just because they sleep in his underwear every night-- and that's not sleeping figuratively, that's literally-- they're sharing his underwear-- the girls-- his socks, his bed, and so they want to pay him deference on everything. Let it be known, the first opportunity I have to eliminate him, I will!
17. Phillip (3/5): All due respect, I'm a fifty-two year old man, and the senior member of this tribe. I don't know what world they're coming from, but in any other world, I would be given the deference, just simply because of my age. I'm certainly entitled to it, if we're going to call this a tribe. But I'm-- instead I get the redheaded stepchild treatment. Am I feeling part of this tribe? Hell, no! Am I giving 100% to this tribe, 110% to this tribe? Hell, yeah! And I'm sick of it! I'm not quitting. I'm here to stay, but I want it to be on record there is a division in this tribe, not of my making, of their making. That's all I have to say.
18. Phillip (4/5): Some tribes advance boldly. Weak tribes grow agitated. But superior tribes, like ours, we find a way to win... and we did. (kisses Immunity Idol)
19. Rob (7/8): This is my fourth time on Survivor and I've been on a lot of rewards, but I'll tell you what I've never done, is landed on top of an active volcano. Definitely one of the coolest experiences I've ever had.
20. Grant (1/1): Literally, I am sitting on the edge of a volcano right now. I'm looking down at it right now, bro. I could fall in (chuckles) there and never be heard from again. And what's special about it is we get to do it as a tribe together and just enjoy it.
21. Phillip (5/5): I'm actually having an incredible day today. We have a numbers advantage. And for me, I haven't always felt like I was totally inclusive with the group. But today, having a wonderful meal right now and surviving with the tribe. I find it hard not to be tribal in my thinking, community in my thinking, so... right now I'm on top of the Earth.
22. Rob (8/8): I've been on enough rewards to know whenever you win one, there's gotta be a clue. So immediately it hits me, the cookies are cylindrical shape. The clue's gotta be in there. And sure enough, in the center is a clue wrapped up like a cookie. But it really doesn't even matter what it says because I already have the idol, so... (throws clue into volcano) might as well just throw it away... in the volcano! Bye-bye!
23. Mike (1/3): So today's challenge was an awesome challenge. The outcome completely sucked. That's three losses in a row, all three for food. We're starving out here. We're tired of going to Tribal. After tonight, it's going to be six of them and five of us. Not a good situation with a looming merge.
24. Sarita (3/5): Tonight in Tribal Council, I'm going to vote for David because he's a loose cannon, and knowing that he voted for me last time, knowing that he doesn't trust me at all, it doesn't really bode well for the future.
25. Sarita (4/5): I feel like David is going to have a really good chance of beating “Boy Wonder” on Redemption Island, which... I don't want to see him come back. He's going to come back like a hell on wheels for me, but... the game is the game.
26. David (2/2): I feel a little bit more nervous tonight than I have in the past, primarily because I don't know that the tribe has seen the light in terms of keeping, uh, strength. Last time, nobody was interested in focusing on strength of the tribe, and they wanted to focus on trust. If that happens again, there's a distinct possibility I am the one going home.
27. Mike (2/3): Uh, initially, we were going to target David but Sarita struggled at the challenge today. She fumbled a couple of times, she couldn't get the bag open, she started panicking. I mean, it just wasn't coming together for her. David, on the other hand, really came through for us.
28. Mike (3/3): Tonight we got two options: David or Sarita. Sarita, very loyal, very trustworthy. However, in challenges she's very flustered and not very strong. David, on the other hand, he's a thinker. He's very smart. I think he'll help us get through future challenges with puzzles. However, he's a little bit harder to trust, and if we end up merging some time soon, who do we want to have with us at the merge? It's a total catch-22 at this point. Either we have a loyal tribe or we have a tad bit stronger tribe. Right now we're in a bit of a tailspin and we got a couple of thousand feet before we hit the deck (chuckles) and crash and burn so we need to figure a way out of this tailspin.
29. Sarita (5/5): In the end, David won out, basically saying that he was the stronger, which is fine. What they don't realize is you don't always pick the stronger, especially now that you're getting down. You want someone maybe who's not gonna always win an individual immunity. They just want to make the most robust football team they can possibly make. God love them for it.
1. Julie (1/2): Tonight, we voted Sarita off because we felt like Sarita was the weakest link when it came to helping us win the challenges. We are dwindling. We're down to five now and we have to win the next challenge-- we have to win the next two challenges.
2. Matt (1/9): Sarita, from the Zapatera tribe arrived at mi casa on Redemption Island this evening. I was quite happy to see her because she doesn't appear to be too incredibly tough.
3. Sarita (1/2): I love that I can share the good parts of Zapatera with him, like, “Hey, here's who you want to stick with. Here's who I'm not sure about.” I love being able to give that to him because I-- he is a really good kid.
4. Matt (2/9): I'm sort of thinking that Sarita might be the last of the duelers before the merge. I trust the information that she's been giving me about the Zapatera tribe. Up until this point, I was saying that it'd be better for me to hop back on the train with Ometepe, but if all goes as planned and I can win the duel, it'd be quite the opportune moment to strike and take out the Ometepe tribe.
5. Phillip (1/2): Today we got Tree Mail that indicated that we are going to go see the duel at Redemption Island with both tribes fully present. So we suspect that there's going to be a merge.
6. Phillip (2/2): I kind of went through, uh, you know, “I'm sick and tired of being the redhead stepchild!” But, you know what, frankly? I've learned a lot playing the game with Rob. So this is a whole new game now. We've got the numbers. And if it is a merge, I'm very comfortable staying with the Ometepe tribe.
7. Mike (1/5): My personal hope is that we get to a merge. I'm ready to sink my teeth in to some of the other members of the Ometepe tribe. Rob is the obvious target. He's a master at this game. I'm ready to get in the ring and go toe to toe with that guy.
8. Matt (3/9): Today is duel number six for me. I'm really nervous because I cut my foot pretty badly. The cut's right on the outside of my foot and so if it's one of those endurance challenges it's going to be really, really difficult. But God gave me this platform and I'm going to do the best I can and hopefully come out with another victory.
9. Sarita (2/2): Matt is going to be hard to beat but I am going in with just so much confidence. I think I'm a worthy opponent.
10. Rob (1/5): If Matt wins, it's no good for me personally, because, you know, I'm the one who sent him to Redemption Island. So I'm figuring he's holding that against me. And there's a possibility he might defect to the other team. I mean, that's what I would do.
11. Matt (4/9): I'm absolutely stoked to be back in the game right now. I mean, I definitely think my time on Redemption Island gives me an advantage because I had six people break down everything that was going on in each tribe. Now I've got a couple of options. I can either go with Ometepe. I can go with Zapatera. But I gotta be careful because, I mean, one slip-up out here, you're gone.
12. Julie (2/2): Walking up and seeing all that food was like a dream come true. My whole body got happy. I felt like just a little kid at the carnival.
13. Steve (1/2): We sat down we had a great picnic. Finally got some good food. We had prosciutto, bread, wine, local beer, a big deal of mixed nuts, dates. We've got chicken to cook tonight. Life's pretty good right now.
14. Rob (2/5): Murlonio doesn't mean anything. It's just an inside joke between Amber and I. She has bunch of stuffed animals and Murlonio is like the ringleader. So that's the name of our new tribe.
15. Grant (1/1): First thing on my mind when I found out we had to build a new shelter was, “Oh, my gosh. We got to do this again?” But I think it's important actually that we did build the shelter all together because that's like, kinda like, the icebreaker.
16. Mike (2/5): Matt is the key linchpin to this whole deal. He was voted out by the Ometepe tribe, and I think at this point, he doesn't have a huge amount of loyalty towards them. But it looks like Matt and Andrea are very tight, so this is where I gotta go for broke. I gotta try to make as big of a move I can because I don't want to sit back and just get dealt with when it's my time at the hands of Boston Rob.
17. Matt (5/9): I want to be in this game as long as I can so I'm really just trying to figure out what's best for me and which route to take because last time I was coasting and waiting to play the game and this time I can't be near as passive because I'll be back on Redemption Island in a jiffy.
18. Steve (2/2): It's really a miserable night. The shelter was never finished and it's leaking like a sieve on the back half where Zapatera is. And Ometepe... they're all underneath the tarp, so... There's a division between us and it's pretty tough being on, uh, the down side of a 7-5 tribe. Andrea and Matt, I hope they're ready to switch sides. Otherwise, we're dead.
19. Andrea (1/3): I really like Matt, but he had this idea that he wanted to blindside the Ometepe tribe, and in the back of my mind I'm thinking, “This could be bad.” It's extremely risky for me to jump ship at this point. But I'm definitely keeping my options open.
20. Matt (6/9): I really feel I was put here for a reason, and that that reason was, I believe, to honor my God. So I'm morally conflicted here because I really, genuinely, care about everyone on the former Ometepe tribe. Part of me wants to do the big Survivor move. However, right now, I feel like my heart's almost telling me not to and just to stick with Ometepe.
21. Rob (3/5): There's like a Christian coalition brewing here in Nicaragua. Look, I got nothing against God. I mean, I go to church on Sunday, but anytime a group of individuals likes the same thing, I don't like that. It could be romantic comedies. It could be Oreo cookies. If they're all liking it together, I want that broken up. Who knows? Mike, maybe he already thinks he's going to grab one or two of them. Can't let that happen. If Mike doesn't win individual immunity I feel like, you know, he should be the first sent over there to Redemption Island.
22. Mike (3/5): We're going to Tribal Council tonight and I've been talking to Matt about flipping. But if he decides to join forces with the Ometepe tribe, it could be me going to Redemption Island.
23. Mike (4/5): The challenge today was quite a battle. I think I hung in there for about forty minutes. I was in the zone. I was feeling it. I was like, “I am coming back with the Immunity Necklace around my neck,” but it didn't come out right. So this first vote, between the tribes, is a big one, and I might be on the chopping block.
24. Matt (7/9): This absolutely is a game, but my heart is telling me, “Don't change.” And I want to honor my God and be true to who I am. So I've decided I don't wanna switch, I don't wanna flip. And, uh, I'm just going to have to have peace with whatever happens. I mean, if it's God's will, He'll take me as far as He wants me to go.
25. Rob (4/5): Matt just told me he was thinking about flipping and going with Zapatera. I mean, first of all, he has the audacity to think that he's going to come up with plan to vote me out. And then the stupidity to tell me that. It just confirmed he can't be trusted. So because of that, I'm giving him a one-way ticket back to Redemption Island.
26. Andrea (2/3): Yesterday, Matt and I were like, “Okay, we're not telling anybody what we're planning.” And now he's, like, throwing me under the bus to Rob. It's just-- it's so stupid because, like, that could have sabotaged my plan to get to, like, the final three completely.
27. Mike (5/5): Looking at Matt, I can see paranoia getting to him, which is a beautiful thing to have at this point. So I think he knows that he could potentially be on the chopping block with the Ometepe tribe.
28. Matt (8/9): We're all getting ready to go to Tribal Council and Mike slips me this note. This is my golden ticket to the final three. So here I am, at the crossroads between keeping my word and breaking my word.
29. Rob (5/5): Tonight's vote is monumental. If things go down the way they're supposed to go down, then Matty is going home. If Matt and Andrea are with them, then I'm going to be in a world of hurt.
30. Andrea (3/3): Rob wants me to vote for Matt, but I trusted Rob once before, and I got royally screwed over. So it might be the wisest move to flip with Matt because I could be next to go. On the other hand, Matt's just sketchy and he's flighty, so I don't know what to do.
31. Matt (9/9): What actually happened? I have no idea. I put my trust in God and today God's will was contradictory toward what I wanted. I like these people. I want to be friends with these people. Well, they don't want to be friends with me. And apparently, I'm just not very good at this game of Survivor.
1. Matt (1/1): First and foremost, I'd like to congratulate myself on being the most naive person to ever play the game of Survivor. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. So, I am reaping the benefits of-of my... my shame. I can't believe I got blindsided twice by the same people. Like, I feel like a moron. It's like it's the biggest practical joke in the world that's being played right now.
2. David (1/5): I thought last night's move by Rob was genius. Um, this was, like, a hit straight out of a mob movie. Like, the guy comes back. There's little question about whether or not you can trust him, but you just welcome him back in and you pat him on the back, you sit down and you have dinner with him and then you go out on the fishing boats and kill him.
3. Julie (1/2): For them to send Matt back to Redemption was just cold-blooded. I mean, do not-- uh, it's a game, but do you not have any feeling at all for a human being? So, you know, with people like that playing the game, there's no breaking that barrier. That's how we feel right now. There's no breaking their loyal shield.
4. Ralph (1/2): Now... since we're merged we have no control, I don't think. That's very aggravating. I have no clue what-what's going on. They won't let us know nothing. I mean, how can we play a game when we don't even know where to start?
5. Rob (1/8): Voting Matty off last night accomplished one main goal and that was bringing the old Ometepe tribe much closer together. I have a whole vision that I'm trying to put into action here, keeping us versus them mentality, thus, the separate shelters, the separate eating times. I want my group to hate Zapatera. It's us versus them, and we're better than them. And we're going to be arrogant about it, and we're going to show it. I'm not. But I want them to. Because I want their votes at the end of the day.
6. Rob (2/8): So Natalie just came and told me that Ralph approached Ashley and said that if she makes it to the top three that he's voting for her. He's doing that so that Ashley makes a case to not vote off Ralph. (chuckles) We're going to vote his ass off anyway. Okay, he's not going to vote for me, Ralph? Well, you're not going to vote for Ashley, because she ain't going to be there now and it's your fault. Ashley, you could have made it to the end but you decided not to tell me anything. You have to tell me everything. It's my game. I'm in charge.
7. Mike (1/3): Today's Immunity Challenge was so close, so close. It was, like, well, you know, prepare yourself for Tribal Council. It's going to be one of the five of us tonight unless we can pull off a miracle, a Hail Mary.
8. Mike (2/3): You know, I think we're all preparing to potentially go to Redemption Island. Um, we-we've tossed around the idea of trying to, uh, see if we can woo some of the Ometepe tribe, but Rob's got them on such lockdown. I mean, he's like the, uh, he's like the prison guard.
9. David (2/5): Immediately upon returning from the challenge, Mike and I decided to look under the flag. Well, we had a thought that maybe an idol had been placed there. But the, uh, “Mariano Crime Syndicate” decided to get shovels out and dug a few feet deep around the area. By that point in time, we had... pretty much come to the conclusion that there was nothing there.
10. Mike (3/3): They came running back, grabbed shovels. They thought we were looking for an idol, and I-I think Rob thinks to some degree that we may have found it before... (chuckles) before, uh, they were able to get back with the shovels.
11. Rob (3/8): Here's the thing... I still can't shake this idol paranoia. Like, idols are what killed me last time around, and I'm still struggling with them. I know I have one idol. But last night at Tribal, Ralph played his idol. So I believe another idol could be in play at this point. Tonight, we basically have to make up a vote blind. It could potentially cost me my Survivor life.
12. Rob (4/8): So we have to pick someone to vote out tonight knowing the possibility that person may actually have an idol or somebody else may have one and give it to that person. This is one of those times in Survivor where you have to gamble.
13. Rob (5/8): Tonight's Tribal Council was pretty interesting. I think the biggest thing that I took away from it is that Phillip is slowly becoming a very loyal soldier. Which is good for me. And even when faced with, "You're at the bottom of the pack" comments, by the other tribe, he responded that, "I love being at the bottom. That's where I'm comfortable." I'm very happy that Phillip is obeying and doing as he's told and he'll be rewarded for it. Phillip's not really crazy. He's kind of playing crazy. But he is a little crazy, you know? So even this early, I'm still thinking about my end game and the jury. So as far as Phillip and I go, Phillip's at the top of my list. He's my number one. That's all he needs to know. So... Natalie and Phillip are coming to the final three with me.
14. Phillip (1/1): Everybody thinks Phillip is naive. Phillip is idiot. Phillip is a crazy guy. This is a game. Everybody wants to stand at finals with a guy like me who's been polarizing, insulting. And so, knowing Boston Rob the way I know him, he's thinking, who can I have stand next to me and who doesn't look so pretty? Phil Sheppard. But I'm a smart guy. I'm a complex person, and, uh, I gotta make something happen. But that's gonna-- there's a time for that and now isn't the time.
15. Ralph (2/2): We need to get this game on the road. Time's ticking. We're getting close on time. We've gotta make some moves.
16. David (3/5): When nobody is willing to play the game it's not a lot of fun. We're just... sitting here trying to hang on as long as we can, and there's-there's no guarantees that, uh, I'm not already the next on the list.
17. Rob (6/8): A win is always important. I never want to lose. I always like to have an edge. I don't want the Zapatera people to have immunity. I don't want them to have any kind of momentum. I don't want them to feel like they have any power. So as long as someone from our side wins, I'm going to be happy at this point.
18. Julie (2/2): Rob is trying to tell his people that fish isn't any good. I think that Rob just doesn't want his people to take anything from us. Now, if Rob were to catch all that fish, that would have been a different story. They would have been feasting over there.
19. Rob (7/8): Here's the thing, I'm running my tribe like the Army. I'm the general, they're soldiers and they're all doing as they're told which is a wonderful thing.
20. Grant (1/1): There's no food out here, so I'll eat anything, no matter what Rob says. I'm my own man, I make my own decisions but... I don't really think there's a dictatorship going on.
21. David (4/5): The Ometepe tribe was told not to eat the fish. I don't know if Rob wants to keep them weak or he just wants to maintain control over them. I mean, it-it's cult-like. He showed the power that he has by just instilling fear in everyone with the whole Matt situation. If you give any inclination that you're wavering in your loyalty, you know, he'll just cut your head off then and there. So nobody is going to cross him.
22. Rob (8/8): You know, what it comes down to tonight, is David or Steve. Do I eliminate what I consider the biggest strategical threat in the game right now, or do I give the old dying T. rex what he wants? Because I think he wants to go home and getting rid of Steve, it may give me a jury vote. I mean, I've been known to have a mercy killing in me from time to time. Haven't I?
23. David (5/5): The last few days have been really frustrating. Um, it seems like every time the wheels start to spin and I start to-to be able to play the game, that brakes get put on it by somebody else. 
1. Matt (1/4): I can't sleep. I'm trying to figure out how I'm gonna pull myself up by my bootstraps and keep my sanity.
2. Matt (2/4): I just licked my wounds and, uh, bleed for a little while and hurt, but I was ready to kind of get in the mindset of all right, Redemption Island, Part Two. Let's do it. And then, curveball.
3. David (1/2): To my arrival at Redemption Island, uh, Matt and Mike are both still here, so let's see if I can make some noise here and maybe get back into the game.
4. Matt (3/4): David rolls up, and, I mean, my mind is completely blown at this point. I-I don't know what to think. Like, we have no idea what's going on.
5. David (2/2): Who knows what the other twists may be. Uh, we don't know when they'll be a duel or-or-or what the duel will be or how many people will be in it. So, definitely look forward to see what's going on here.
6. Steve (1/4): Tribal Council last night was six on four, now six on three against Ralph, Julie and I, and after Dave's performed so well the last couple of challenges, we lose Dave. And we just threw all four of ours at Rob and wah wah! And I just haven't really figured Phillip out. Yeah, I can't imagine somebody always being that strange. Pretty much everything he does bugs us, but the rest of the Ometepe are sticking to him like glue. Boston Rob's got them all very tight. I'm not sure if Phillip is even a good guy at heart, but he's doing his thing. He's out here surviving. I take my hat off to him. The only hope we can hang our hat on is how irritated they could be with Phillip. There's always a chance.
7. Phillip (1/4): When I got into Buddhism, one of the things that you learn is that your spirit is interconnected to every single living thing, including Tath?gata, which you might call God or Allah or Buddha. It will manifest itself in a number of different ways. You can hear it. You can feel it. And you just have to be willing to accept it for what it is and channel that. And I did a meditation this morning. I was focusing on my ancestors. You know, I had a premonition through my grandfather, uh, Jesome Herring, and I took that as an indication that is my relationship with Rob. I think it has finally come to what I call the full circle of trust. And I'm going to play my role. That doesn't mean that I'm not pursuing the million dollars because I'll be here at the end of the game.
8. Julie (1/3): The food situation for the old Zapatera tribe is... is great. We have a ton of rice left and we're eating it. And we're just gonna eat and enjoy and at-at least we won't be hungry. The hunger has been, uh, tough, but we're happy now. We're happy in the food field.
9. Phillip (2/4): The rice situation is pretty ugly. This morning, Julie was able to scoop seven and a half scoops of rice out of that cooked pot. In our old tribe, we would have two of those sea shells: one, two, done. I contend that she's trying to use up the rice before they go. I plan on scooping quite a bit of rice out of their tin and putting it in ours. So the fact of the matter is, all rice here belongs to all of us. I'm now watching the Zapatera like a lion. It's trivial, but it's-- apparently, that's where the state of the world today in Murlonio tribe.
10. Rob (1/3): David's going to be the first member of the jury. We're trying to send people to the duel to beat other people that are already there... namely, Matt. We sent Mike and we sent David, and David failed, so Matt is still in there. If he comes back and beats me, it's over.
11. Matt (4/4): God's continued to give me the strength day after day. He's given me new hope, and, um, if it's His will, then I'll continue to win and try to take Rob out.
12. Andrea (1/1): I opened the rice, and we-- I discovered that there were some maggots. Phil decided that he wanted to dump all the rice on to a blanket. So we separated the maggots and then we dumped the rest of the bad rice into the ocean. Now we have nowhere to put our rice. Meanwhile, our rice is laying on a blanket, all these bugs and dirt is getting into it. But, like, what are we going to eat for the rest of the time?
13. Phillip (3/4): It's an eye opener to see individuals behave the way they are currently behaving, even in a quote, "Game Survivor En-- uh, Environment.” So to me, you could probably leave here with some damages potentially to see just how bad human beings will conduct themselves, uh, in an environment like this.
14. Phillip (4/4): He feels like, uh, he's better than me, you know, and I think it has some slight racial undertones to it. They're the ones that go to the next level to, "You're crazy." When he said that, I go, "Don't forget that. I am crazy." You know, I'm-I'm like a lot of black men. We're prepared to self-destruct at any moment (chuckles) 'cause that's what happens to a lot of black men. They-they do self-destruct, and (gestures firearm) bang, bang, bang, bang! You know? So I'm not in-- I'm not looking to do anything like that. You don't start none, there won't be none. But if you start it, I'm going to finish it because I don't feel like I've got anything to lose because once they get on the jury they're not going to vote for me.
15. Steve (2/4): Crazy, Crazy Phil being Crazy Phil, taking it to the-- to the "N" word is-is pretty wacky. I mean, it's just degrading. It's not a chip, it's a log on his shoulder. I just soon turn my back and walk away from it. He's a pain in the ass. He's a loose cannon. And, uh, a little scary, too. So the quicker we can get him out of here, I think, uh, the whole tribe would be in better shape.
16. Rob (2/3): You know, what started off as a friendly little song between Grant and I turned into an explosion. Phillip somehow managed to make a war about white rice, racial. I don't know where it came from. And at the end of the day, Phillip will be public enemy number one. I just have to figure out who to make public enemy number two.
17. Steve (3/4): The challenge was a close one for me but I dropped the ball. There's three of us right now left in Zapatera. Our target is Phil. If two of them would change their mind and vote for Phil, bam! It's the only shot we got.
18. Julie (2/3): Tonight's going to be an easy vote. There are just three of us. Old Zapatera, and there are six of them. So, the three old Zapatera are voting for Phillip. Really, we only need two more votes, or one of us old Zapatera are leaving. The Ometepe tribe have enough numbers now where they can get rid of somebody, so tonight would be a great night to get rid of Phillip.
19. Ashley (1/1): Everybody... in camp is over Phillip. Phillip says all the time that, you know, he was a Special Agent and he knows how to read people. Crazy Phillip who wears feathers and pink underwear. Honestly, I can't wait to get rid of Phillip.
20. Steve (4/4): Phil made a total ass out of himself, getting racial about rice and crazy stuff, and I would really think with any kind of dignity, he'd apologize for your asinine behavior but he hasn't said a word. I assume the Ometepe tribe, they don't understand him, either. Maybe somebody might sway the vote and, uh, vote our way.
21. Rob (3/3): Tonight, it doesn't matter who we target, really. You got Ralph, you got Steve, and Julie. But, I don't know. I love Phillip, but, I mean, I don't know where his head is. There is room to play, but I don't know where. One man should not have this much power on an island, but I'm grateful that I do.
22. Julie (3/3): Here I am at Redemption. I was not expecting this. I really thought it was going to be Steve or Ralph. But I'm okay with it. It was just a ugly Tribal. There's poison in that tribe, and his name is Phillip. And, uh, it's kind of nice to be removed from it. 
1. Phillip (1/4): As soon as we got back to camp, I was approached by Steve, he said, "Hey, man, I just want you to know I want to bury the hatchet. I'm not a racist, man. I'm really not. And I'm hoping we can get together on it," and he shook my hand. But, I didn't feel it was totally genuious. I felt it was a little self-serving because, um... he mocked me a number of times, and, uh, so probably Steve will go next.
2. Steve (1/3): I would really think that a-a mature guy with any wisdom and any empathy or heart or whatever would-would have reached out after going off the way he did, because, uh, he had to have known, you know, what an ass he made of himself but I was the one that reached out and I think it had quite a bit to do with settling the whole race thing that, uh, he brought up and hopefully we buried that.
3. Steve (2/3): So, I'm just going to keep plugging away and, you know, working the relationships and, you know, being open and friendly and who knows? Uh, Boston Rob may want to just keep myself or Ralph around and maybe they'll cut, uh, Phil loose.
4. Rob (1/4): Phillip is not going anywhere. Phillip is under my protection. As long as he keeps up his stupid antics, they' be coming to me all the way to the finals.
5. Phillip (2/4): Yesterday, my trunks were hidden by Julie before she got voted out. So I got up this morning, and I had a premonition that I was going to find my shorts. My great-great-grandfather, full-blooded Cherokee Indian, came to me in a vision. And he said, "Look near the waterhole." I knew it wasn't the ocean, he was talking about the drinking water. I walked down there, found the first rock, and turned it over.
6. Phillip (3/4): Went to the second rock, there my shorts were. Here's to you, Julie. Don't mess with the undercover Specialist because he makes his living uncovering truth, and most people, like you, can't stand the truth! What did Jack Nicholson say to Tom Cruise? "Son, you can't stand the truth! You can't take the truth!" So that's what I'm saying to her.
7. Steve (3/3): Phillip, he's a different breed. Again, there's no prejudice behind it, but he's just-- he's a little crazy. It's, uh... crazy. (chuckles)
8. Phillip (4/4): I am so excited about seeing Julie at the duel today because I'm going to show up in this shorts. And she's going to know that you can't pull the wool over The Undercover Specialist.
9. Mike (1/1): Matt had incredible strength going through Redemption Island the first time. After he was blindsided the second time... by the-the folks he thought were truly his friends, um, he's kind of been on a little bit of a downward spiral. Matt has great faith, and he's able to endure a lot of hardship because of his faith in God. But you can tell he's kind of at his breaking point. You know it's all those subconscious things. He's already thinking about going home, and, uh, that can affect the outcome of a challenge.
10. Matt (1/2): This is unlike anything I've ever really experienced. Um... (sniffles) I'm out here wasting away. (sniffles) Um... missing my family. I can't-- (sighs) I can only feel them when I really, really try.
11. Matt (2/2): God has me here for a reason. I said this from the beginning that God wanted me here. (sniffles) I don't know what the reason is for. I can't see that yet. But I know He wants me to be here. He's literally been... (breaks down and cries) God has literally been carrying me for the past four days. I know I'm still in the game but I'm just so over this game.
12. Andrea (1/5): Matt's kind of pissed at me. Like, we made eye contact, kind of, and it-it almost looked like he gave me, like, a really dirty look. I could have been reading into it, but it was just, like, a weird feeling.
13. Andrea (2/5): I hope that Matt stays, and maybe if he keeps winning, maybe he can come back. And, like, if he came back in the game, like, I'd want to, like, talk to him but I don't think he can really trust me, like, in this game ever again. (chuckles) Why would he?
14. Andrea (3/5): Matt was like, “I don't care if I'm out.” And, I feel a little bad because I played him the hardest. Like, I really had, like, these, like, close conversations with him and, like, he said he, like, forgives us all and stuff but I think he's kind of pissed at me.
15. Andrea (4/5): I feel like I was a big part of, like, breaking his spirit. So in a way, I kind of, like, felt a little guilty and just-- on a human level, not on-- not on a game level.
16. Grant (1/2): I've been concerned about Andrea and Matt's relationship if he comes back from Redemption Island. We got back from the challenge, and she said she felt sorry for him. It's things like that, that just-- you're kind of shaking your head going, “Ah, I don't know if you've learned.” You know, the upside to getting rid of Andrea before getting rid of Steve and Ralph, because that's one less thing to worry about. Then again, timing is everything in this game. When to pull the trigger as far as when to vote people off is-is-is huge. And it might come down to just Immunity Challenge, you know?
17. Grant (2/2): I chose Andrea as a strategic move of wanting to make her feel comfortable in our alliance, because tonight at Tribal, if, uh, certain scenarios come up, where we need to get rid of one of our own, Andrea is going to be that member.
18. Andrea (5/5): We got a mystery package, that Jeff gave it to us, said that we'd open it at Tribal Council. It could be something where we-- you know, we go, we vote somebody out at Tribal Council, and then there's the twist is that we vote another person out, or something, like, crazy outlandish. The whole card thing kind of threw me off but right now, everyone's pretty comfortable because there's two easy votes. The two, you know, Ralph and Steve. I think that us six having so much faith in each other, I think it would be silly to get rid of one of our own before the Zapatera people.
19. Ralph (1/2): One of us is on the chopping block, and it's probably me. All I can do is hope what's ever in that little box that Jeff said to definitely bring is good news for me. It might not be. Chances is being for me, no, but I'm hoping. It's all I can do, is hope.
20. Rob (2/4): This is what's going on right now: Steve's thinking, “I've had it. I'm done.” So Steve's not going to do anything to cause any problems with anybody. Ralph, on the other hand, poses a threat because physically, he's capable and his head is still in the game so Ralph's got to go next.
21. Rob (3/4): Who knows what this twist is all about? Maybe somebody else has a chance to win immunity. Maybe it's a situation where two people are going to go home but we only get to vote once. It could be anything. So we've got to hedge our bets and make sure we have backup plans and know who we're voting for. Grant and I, we already talked about getting rid of Andrea before Zapatera, so it leaves us other options.
22. Ashley (1/1): Rob's very smart, and he's played this game before, and so we're kind of taking our lead from him. We're voting for Ralph tonight. There's also a twist, though, and we may have to vote out two people tonight, in which case, Andrea will go home. If Matt comes back from Redemption Island, she's still got a soft spot for Matt, so it just makes sense to get her out.
23. Rob (4/4): It seems like Steve may have gotten his second wind. He's going to members of my alliance behind my back trying to come up with a plan to get me out of here? Which makes me think I should maybe get rid of him first. What I was originally thinking about I'm thinking about not doing now because I may have to wait to get rid of Andrea.
24. Ralph (2/2): I see daylight ahead now. If one of us Zapatera guys gets into the top three, we'll be the one to win it. I want to be that guy. 
1. Mike (1/4): I'll tell you what, Redemption Island keeps on getting crazier and crazier. We've got the three remaining Zapatera here at Redemption Island, and Matt.
2. Steve (1/1): It's just so nice to see three of the really friendly faces compared to the, uh, Ometepe tribe. I was-- I just did not want to go back there tonight.
3. Ralph (1/2): I see daylight ahead now. If one of us Zapatera guys gets into the top three, we've got this thing won. And I want to be that guy. So I'm going to give it all I've got.
4. Andrea (1/2): Tribal Council was pretty much amazing because in one Tribal Council, we got rid of the remaining two Zapatera tribe members. So now it's just the Ometepe Six. It is a little scary that now we have to take out one of our own, but it's also a little exciting because for the last, what?, like, five votes we've been on cruise control, so now we can actually get back into the game of which I'm excited.
5. Natalie (1/3): I think I started getting kind of emotional just because now we have to start knocking everybody off, and then from there, it just, like, started thinking about home and missing my family, missing my friends, missing regular life.
6. Rob (1/6): There's been times out here where Natalie has just been mature beyond her years and then there's been other times where, you know, her youth just shows through. She's nineteen, uh, you know, being out here for 30 days, it takes its toll on you. And it's critical for me to comfort her. I mean, she's my main alliance in this game, and I want to make sure she's alright. I've got eight days left, eight days. I've just got to keep everybody happy. And as long as they don't start talking to each other and realize that I'm the one that should be going, I'll be all set.
7. Ashley (1/5): We got Tree Mail this morning and, uh, we got a box, and on the top of the box it said Sprint.
8. Ashley (2/5): We got, like, a message about the duel which we kind (chuckles) of discarded because then it said, "Check videos."
9. Ashley (3/5): Natalie was a little upset, you know, after we got out of Tribal, and it was perfect timing for her and really, for all of us.
10. Ashley (4/5): (tearfully) It's Day 31, and, like, you feel exhausted, but when you hear from home, it just lifts your spirits so much. And it was a really, really good surprise.
11. Matt (1/2): Tree Mail today, I thought it was just going to be walk out there, maybe get a note to a duel. But oh! We're going to get to see videos of our loved ones.
12. Mike (2/4): I've never gone for 31 days without being able to speak to any of my family. Even when I was in the Marine Corps, we could still reach out by email. So it was really touching to see a message from my mom.
13. Matt (2/2): I just see my brother and I'm just thinking... I just want to die right there, just seeing him. It makes every struggle, every hard time that I've gone through on Redemption Island completely worth it. If there's a chance that I can spend any time with my brother, I will do anything I can to win today.
14. Ralph (2/2): Today I would have accepted if Mike would have kept his mother and hung around with her the rest of the evening, no hard feelings whatsoever. But I'm sure he's looking for winning the million dollars and was hoping to pull in more votes, so he let family see them six and, uh, that really pissed me off. I think it was kind of stupid, him and the Good Lord, whatever. He said that's the way he wanted to do it. That's something he has to live with. But if I had been in his shoes, I'd have spent it with my mom.
15. Mike (3/4): The decision I made today was not-- was not a strategic one. It wasn't to earn the good graces of the Ometepe tribe. It was just the right decision to make and the right thing to do. If I make it deep into this game and it earns me a vote or two on the jury, then that will be a great bonus.
16. Mike (4/4): I feel bad for Matt and his brother, Ralph and his friend, but I've apologized to them for that. That's the best I can do, and it's hard for me to know I've let my friends down, but, you know, it is what it is at this point.
17. Ashley (5/5): Walking into camp with our loved ones feels so surreal. I got to show my mom where I've been living, and it was just like everything I needed, and so much more.
18. Grant (1/1): It's so motivating, actually physically seeing somebody and hearing them talk to you and being able to look into their eyes as they're talking to you. It's priceless, man.
19. Natalie (2/3): I have never been away from home more than two weeks. I've talked to my mom every day, so it was just good to see her and for her to tell me how she's proud of me and how my family is doing back home. And it just made me feel like, I-I can do it, and I can push through the next seven, eight days.
20. Phillip (1/3): Just seeing my sister and seeing her confidence in me, empowered me and renewed me at another level to continue to dominate. Continue to dominate and be who I am.
21. Rob (2/6): I feel like right now I'm playing my best game, but even everything that's happened up until right now, means nothing unless I can finish it. I need this. It's to make a better life for my wife and my kids. Even though we're at a point now where some people might be taking a break from the game and thinking about home, it just makes me focus. I want to win Survivor. This is something I've been trying to do for ten years now. I'm eight days away. So there's nothing that's gonna stop me.
22. Rob (3/6): This morning we got Tree Mail. Looks like another Immunity Challenge. But tonight, I feel like it's not going to be too difficult. The vote will probably go towards Andrea. She's great at the challenges, and strategically, she probably knows more about this game than everyone except Grant and I. Therefore, she's gotta go. My sister gave me a shirt with Amber and my daughter, Lucia, on it, and I'm going to work my ass off to make sure Andrea doesn't win immunity.
23. Rob (4/6): Physically, the challenge, I had to literally, give everything I have. Afterwards, I thought I was going to die. But I figure that I'm seven days away. And I'm giving it everything I got. There are two main things that I gain from winning immunity today. Number one, I'm not going home no matter what. And number two, all my options are open, and I can decide who's going home.
24. Natalie (3/3): Tonight we're going to vote off Andrea. She's one of the strongest competitors in the challenges, plus her relationship with Matt on Redemption Island is still a threat. It will be a shock to her, I think, but there is no more Zapatera left at camp. So she needs to go.
25. Rob (5/6): We're all completely set on getting rid of Andrea, and then all of a sudden, Phillip regains his, uh, spot in our tribe as annoyance number one. He started driving everyone crazy.
26. Phillip (2/3): I could be wrong, but I'm not concerned about going home tonight because early on in the game, I made myself the villain. So that everyone in my tribe feels that their best chance of winning against anybody is me. It's brilliant strategy. And I need to, kind of, put little salt on that wound every now and then to make sure folks don't forget that.
27. Phillip (3/3): I think Rob feels very strongly that if it's him and I in the final, that he can win the million dollars. But I have an oral argument that nobody here on my tribe, including him, has thought of it. I know exactly what to say to make everybody think twice about voting for him, regardless of everything else I've said. Honestly, I think I could defeat Rob.
28. Rob (6/6): To be honest with you, I'm having some second thoughts as to who I want to sit there with at the end. If I were to keep Phillip around, he's terrible in challenges and he's a goat, perfect person to take to the end. At the same time, Phillip could be playing me. He's pretty good with words. He's a good speaker. So when it comes down to the jury, that could be a problem. Is he that good? I don't know. On the other hand, Andrea's a competitor. If she sits at the end, she could possibly beat me. And... if I make the wrong decision, 32 days of hard work could be gone just like that.
29. Andrea (2/2): Well, obviously, I'm a little bitter. All of them, except for Phillip, you know, looked me in the eyes and kinda, you know, said, “We're voting Phillip.” And then somewhere during the day, they all went behind my back and said, “Okay we're voting Andrea.” So, it is a little hard to be living with these people for 32 days, like, have these relationships and what you think is trust and then find out that they'd been lying to me the entire time. 
1. Ashley (1/4): Tribal was actually, kind of enjoyable. We blindsided Andrea. I love blindsides because in an evil way it's kind of fun to see, like, their reaction, how shocked they are, and she was definitely shocked. You could tell. I'm not going to lie, I'm kind of glad to see Andrea gone. I just felt like Natalie and I were always like (shows crossed fingers) this, and she was kind of always on the outs.
2. Natalie (1/2): I'm kind of stuck in a bad situation just because Ashley keeps bringing up, “You're looking out for me, and I'm looking out for her.” I'm leaning towards sticking to Rob just because, like, he has been there for me throughout this. But so has Ashley.
3. Rob (1/12): Ashley's probably thinking about a way to turn the vote against me. I've been fighting ten years to get to this point, I'm 7 days away. It might make sense to get rid of Ashley next. Things have to go just right. I've had control in this game. I just need to keep control.
4. Matt (1/1): Andrea showed up at the Isle of Redemption. I was certainly most hurt by her considering I was like, “You're my number one, I wanna take you to the top, let's go the end,” and then she turns around and writes my name down because she's scared to make a move with me.
5. Ralph (1/1): She can sleep on the ground. We merged, they kept their teams, their tarp. Now it's good for her to serve what I had to go through. I'd invite her to my house and I wouldn't let her sleep on the ground. I'd have something for her to get off the ground but she's not at my house. She's-- this here Redemption Island. This is payback.
6. Rob (2/12): I'll never give up hope and I'll never give up fight. I've got more heart than anyone out here but this Redemption Island twist is making it even harder for me to make it to the end. I want Redemption Island to be over and done with so it's not a factor anymore.
7. Rob (3/12): Zapatera ate too much when they were here and now we don't have much left. Everybody's exhausted. Ease along, try to just not exert as much energy as we can.
8. Rob (4/12): He's pathetic and he's crazy. Not the "N" word crazy, he's just crazy. Ashley and Natalie are getting too close for comfort. The best thing for me to do is to split the two of them up. So instead of like, picking on one of them, he picks on both of them. Instead of driving those two apart, he drives them closer together. Phillip, stop making so much work for me!
9. Ashley (2/4): Natalie and I, you know, we've stuck together since the beginning. And the thing with Natalie is, she's really relying on Rob a lot. And I rely on Rob, but I also know that he's playing the game. And I would bet my life that if it came down to Grant, me, Natalie, and Rob in the four, that Rob would vote one of us girls out in a heartbeat. So I think the best play for me in this game is to just get a big move going here and get rid of a strong competitor.
10. Rob (5/12): Ashley actually came to me with this genius plan, “Let's get rid of Grant next.” I've already run the numbers on this scenario weeks ago. It doesn't make sense. All it does is give Ashley another way closer to squeezing herself into the finals.
11. Grant (1/4): Ashley is a dark individual, and, uh, she's ridden on the coattail far enough. If Ashley doesn't win immunity, she's out of this game, and I'm going to be happy to do it, happy.
12. Grant (2/4): The more than likely scenario that's going to be happening is Stealth-R-Us is sticking together until the end, which if you told me that Day 19 I would have called you a liar.
13. Rob (6/12): Ashley actually came to me last night and said that she thinks she wants to get rid of Grant before Phillip. Ashley's had a free ride for 35 days, and her fairy tale's about to come to an end... real abruptly.
14. Ashley (3/4): Last night, Natalie and I approached Rob with an idea that we're going to blindside Grant. And I thought Rob would be like, all about it, and at first he was kind of hesitant, and then the more he thought about it he was like, “That is a really good idea. So, we'll see,” you know? I kind of feel paranoid, like if Grant wins immunity, then I might be, like, on the chopping block. But, you know, I really trust Natalie, and I think she's 100% on my side. So if anything's said, Natalie usually let's me know.
15. Rob (7/12): Natalie may not be the brightest player to ever play this game, we all know that. But Natalie is a sweetheart. She's innocent and she's pure, and Ashley's trying to corrupt that. Ashley and Natalie, they've been close since the beginning of this game. But it's never been a strategic closeness. And more and more, I see Ashley imposing her wisdom on Natalie. And it's not a good thing. You know what I'm exciting about? It's Day 35, and after 35 days of having this pain in my ass, I think I'm going to finally get some relief tonight.
16. Rob (8/12): Days like today, man, I wish I stayed home. It just happens that, you know, when there's one thing you don't want to happen, it happens. And then all of a sudden, Ashley's a freakin' genius. This was all her plan all along. Grant, when you watch this, you're going to realize I never wanted to do it this way, bud. And, although I'd like to, you know, think of you as a friend, I didn't come to this game to make friends. I came to this game to win. So even though it does break my heart, bud, I gotta vote your ass off tonight.
17. Rob (9/12): It seems like no matter what the situation on Survivor, I have to do the dirty work because everybody else is too stupid to do it.
18. Rob (10/12): So I basically told Phillip, “We're voting for Grant,” but then I had to go to Phillip, Ashley and Natalie, “We're voting for Grant,” then I had to go to Grant, and ask Grant which way he wanted to go, if he wanted to go with Phillip or he wanted to go with Natalie. It's a lot of work. It's exhausting. It really is.
19. Grant (3/4): The worst-case scenario happened in the challenge today but it's okay. We have an escape hatch. Natalie is going to be the one going home tonight. And when you look somebody in the eye and you shake their hand, you kind of get a-a vibe from that person and I get a good one from Rob and sticking to our alliance. It's gonna be exciting. You're going to see my name written down twice, and then here comes Natalie... (makes royal trumpet announcement) the princess is going to have a red carpet straight to Redemption Island.
20. Ashley (4/4): Natalie and I were making rice for the boys, and all of a sudden, like, these little waiters show up and they've got, like, their little bow ties and suits on and they have our platters of food. And we were just like, "See, ya, boys," (laughs) and we, like, ran off. But honestly, like, if there was any challenge I needed to win, it was today. So that's why I just feel on top of the world right now. Like, I can't wipe the smile off my face.
21. Rob (11/12): Ashley and Natalie are getting too close for comfort. It's just like Amber and I. It's just like Andrea and Matt were at the beginning of this season. A couple is very powerful in this game. Even if it's two girls, if they trust and believe in each other, it's a very powerful thing.
22. Natalie (2/2): Part of me was hoping that Ashley wouldn't pick me just because it really put me in a-a sucky position. I feel like I'm stuck. I have Ashley on my side, and I have Rob on my side. And it's really tough because both sides have pros and cons.
23. Rob (12/12): With Ashley and Natalie getting as close as they're getting, it could be a real problem if somebody were to come back from Redemption Island, and they were to decide to join up with that person and decide that they don't need me anymore. In that situation, it would be more advantageous for me to break up Ashley and Natalie while I have the chance so that that doesn't happen. And I think Grant's a good guy. I really have, like, made a good friendship with him throughout this show. I'm still sitting in a pretty good spot, even though I didn't win immunity today. If I decide it's going to be Grant, it's Grant. And if I still decide that it's going to be Natalie, it'll be Natalie. One man should not have this much power in this game. Luckily, I'm not an ordinary man.
24. Grant (4/4): I didn't think I was going to be voted out. I-I trusted the people in my alliance. And, you know, it turns out somebody wasn't being honest. And, uh, that's just how it goes, but possibly Rob betrayed me. Possibly Phillip did. But I'm-I'm at peace with everything that I've accomplished out here and I don't need anything more. 
1. Grant (1/1): I didn't think I was going to be voted out. I-I trusted the people in my alliance. And, you know, it turns out, you know, somebody wasn't being honest, and, uh, possibly Rob betrayed me. Possibly Phillip did. And you know what? I'm a-okay, man. A-okay.
2. Andrea (1/5): Grant was probably the person I least wanted to show up at Redemption Island. And sure enough he shows up. I mean it's Grant, Matt, Mike, and I. So it's not going to be an easy duel. I'm going to be, like, the under-underdog. But you know what? Throw it at me.
3. Rob (1/14): Tonight at Tribal Council, Grant got sent to Redemption Island. The irony is that it's completely my fault that he's gone. But at the same time, I miss him because Grant was a friend of mine out here. As much as I like to think I'm a cold hearted, calculating player, it still does, uh, get me a little bit, you know? I've got a heart in there somewhere.
4. Rob (2/14): I think Grant might be the only person on Redemption that can come back here, and me, actually want to vote them out next. If it's Matty, Mike, or Andrea I don't know. Ashley's just no good, she's no good, bro. She's gotta go. That's in my gut, you know? She's gotta go. Bye-bye, Ashley.
5. Matt (1/2): I feel so great right now. I mean, I love this place. It's just-- it's become home to me. This is Day 29 for me. I remember coming here that first night, and it raining, thinking, “How am I ever going to get through this?” I was extremely bitter and upset and, uh, angry, but, you know, those feelings came to pass because this is just a special place.
6. Mike (1/1): Turns out today is our last duel. Three will fall, three will go home, one will remain and re-enter the game. I've had about 14 days out here on Redemption Island and a little piece of me is going to miss Redemption Island. It's been a life-changing experience out here. It's bittersweet. Redemption Island is wrapping up, but it's going to be great knowing our fate one way or another. I mean, the Redemption Island purgatory is coming to-- coming to an end.
7. Matt (2/2): Two blindsides, seven days in the actual game of Survivor, eleven duels, 29 days on Redemption Island. That's pretty unbelievable. God deserves all the glory and all the credit. My faith has grown. I've grown as a person. I mean, who knew what treasure awaited on Redemption Island?
8. Rob (3/14): The way I see it, between Phillip, Andrea, Ashley, Natalie, I have to vote for Ashley, because she played the game better. So, as long as Ashley doesn't win immunity tomorrow, Andrea gets to stay one more day.
9. Andrea (2/5): It was awkward coming back to camp. I mean, I've been gone, they voted me out, I came back. They're not necessarily happy to see me. I didn't feel completely welcomed, but then again, you know, I was voted off, so why would I? Right now, I need to, you know, try anything because otherwise if I just sit back, I'm going to be the next to go.
10. Andrea (3/5): I told Natalie, Ashley, you know, some people were thinking of voting for Phillip, which is a lie, like, I was kind of, like, making up this random stuff. I'm just trying to plant the seed. Now that I'm back in the game it's like, okay, now I get-get back to the grindstone.
11. Ashley (1/4): I'm definitely glad Andrea's back. I feel like, you know, Rob already burned her once. You know, I don't think she's going to trust him again, and maybe she'll join with Natalie and I, and kind of try to take Phillip or Rob out.
12. Rob (4/14): Ashley drives me nuts, but her tactics are so amateur hour. Natalie's a good-hearted little soul, one that's loyal. And, uh, I don't like to see someone corrupt my soldier. I can't wait to vote her ass out. I can't. 37 days. It's like the patience is finally going to pay off and it's going to be that much sweeter.
13. Andrea (4/5): I'm on the chopping block but it would make so much more sense to vote out Rob now that he hasn't won immunity and actually keep me. I'm really relying on the girls to just do something in the game. Like, this really actually is an opportunity for them and hopefully they'll be able to see it.
14. Ashley (2/4): I'm so excited I won. I kind of wish that this challenge was tomorrow's challenge leading into the Final Tribal Council. But I at least know that I'm here to compete again.
15. Rob (5/14): Ashley won. So Andrea goes home. Andrea's actually worked hard this game. She's been helpful around camp. She has a good relationship with people on the other side. Seems like a no brainer to get rid of her.
16. Rob (6/14): There are no idols after tonight, and it's the last time I can use my idol. But I don't even need the idol. If I decided, you know what? I'm going to go fishing, I don't have anything to worry about. I'm not going home tonight.
17. Phillip (1/5): Ashley and Natalie went down in the woods and talked forever, it seemed like. So I thought, “Oh, my goodness. These girls are going to get together.” And I went into my old special agent mode. When Boston Rob got back from fishing, I did what I told him I'd do. I called him over and gave a report.
18. Andrea (5/5): It's really weird things happening. Rob and Phillip, in front of me, are openly talking. I can hear them. There is a lot of madness going on. So there's a chance that something could get mixed up. While the boys are gone, I decided that I wanted to talk to the girls and try to get in with them because I feel like I have more leeway with them.
19. Natalie (1/5): Chances are, going up against Rob, you know, you're not going to win. So it's tough because you have to make a decision, and people are not going to be happy with you. It's not fun, but it is a game, and, you know, life must go on.
20. Rob (7/14): I got Phillip telling me the girls are in the woods talking. Yeah, thanks, Phillip, welcome to Day 37. I've played this game four times. Do these guys not realize that? Do they not realize that I can pretty much predict what they're going to do and say before they actually do it?
21. Rob (8/14): I can still dictate this vote. I don't even need the idol. As long as I have Natalie. I could take it home as a souvenir, too. What can I say? I like to gamble. (chuckles) God, I'm sick. I'm so sick.
22. Phillip (2/5): I didn't know that Rob had the Hidden Immunity Idol but I suspected he did all along. So, I think he played that brilliantly.
23. Phillip (3/5): I can't believe it. I'm in the final four. We did what we said we were going to do... Stealth-R-Us.
24. Ashley (3/4): Andrea tried to throw me and Natalie under the bus and say that neither of us had made big moves in this game but it's funny because she-she's not here anymore, and I am. So I get the last laugh when all is said and done.
25. Rob (9/14): Ten years, four times on Survivor, 116 days, one challenge, for one million bucks. That's what it comes down to. It's pretty big stakes.
26. Rob (10/14): (tearfully) It was Amber that encouraged me to come back and try again. She believes in me. It's because of her. Like, whatever happens now, I'm okay. Even if I don't win. Which is ironic because the only reason I ever wanted to come back to play again was to win. But.... I feel like I did my best. But I'm not done yet. First of all, figure out which one of these other three idiots I'm going to send home tonight, and then how I'm going to convince the other people sitting on the jury to give me a million dollars after my wife's already won one.
27. Rob (11/14): Basically at this point, I just want to make Ashley and Phillip both feel like they're going to the finals with me. It'd keep peace around camp for this afternoon and tonight, someone gets the final blindside. The problem is, if I want to get rid of Ashley, I have to get Natalie on board. And that's going to take some work.
28. Ashley (4/4): I feel really, really confident. Rob has told me, like, “Don't sweat anything. Don't worry.” You know, Phillip thinks it's me going home tonight. And I have such a good connection with Natalie that I know, even if something did change and I was the one going home, I know Natalie would at least tell me. So I feel confident going into tonight's Tribal but always that 5% that you just-- you never know.
29. Natalie (2/5): So it's Day 38. We're going into the final Tribal Council and we will be voting out Phillip. So I can't wait to spend the day tomorrow with Rob and Ashley, (chuckles) Phillip-free.
30. Rob (12/14): The other problem with Ashley is that while the Zapatera people were here, she got awfully close to a lot of them. And probably created some bonds that would come to haunt me in the Final Tribal Council with her and Natalie. So, pretty much, I have to try to convince Natalie to vote off Ashley. She's not going to like it. And, ultimately, she may not go along with the plan.
31. Natalie (3/5): I thought to myself that Rob could possibly come to me last minute and ask me to vote for Ashley. It would be really, really, extremely tough for me at this point, just because we have formed such a close bond and-and I've promised her that it's the three of us, and assured her. I didn't come out here to make friends, and I came out here, and I did.
32. Natalie (4/5): Rob has been watching my back since Day 1. But then again, at this point, I have to look out for myself. Honestly, like, I would rather lose this game than lose a friend in Ashley.
33. Phillip (4/5): Day 39, I finally got to experience it for myself, that-that feeling of, “Wow, you did it.” Your great-great grandfather, Jesome Herring, came to you in a vision and told you, “When you had some doubt, remain committed. Hold your faith, and you'll get to the end,” and I did. And, so, I thanked him for coming to sit a spell with me on this journey of a lifetime in Survivor.
34. Phillip (5/5): I've learned a great deal about myself. I learned that it's okay to tell the world that I have a relationship with somebody that's been dead since 1870. It's okay. And I learned that I can accept the good, the bad, and the different. That's what's been great out here. So tonight, at the Final Tribal Council, the plan is laid in stone. I want to make it clear to the jury why they're sitting in the jury and why I'm sitting in the final. I need to kind of put a little salt on that wound to make sure folks don't forget that. I get the last laugh.
35. Natalie (5/5): I faced a lot of challenges out here, and this was the hardest thing that I've ever had to do in my entire life. I'm nineteen, and I just feel like, I stand for my generation. There's been times of pure sadness and doubt, but I made it through, and that's what this is all about. It's just overcoming your fears. To get this far, it gives me motivation to get back in the world and do anything that I was ever afraid to do, and, uh, I definitely want to prove myself to the jury tonight. But I do feel like I do have a shot.
36. Rob (13/14): Wow, 39 days in Nicaragua, 117 days total over the last 10 years. It's overwhelming. Winning this game has always eluded me. And, again, I find myself one step away from the top, and I'm just hoping to get there.
37. Rob (14/14): I haven't stopped playing the game. To some people it may look like I'm giving pointers to Natalie, but I'm actually giving Natalie pointers on how I want her to handle Tribal Council. And twice, you know, I made it all the way to the end. The first time the jury didn't feel I was worthy. I'm hoping that tonight, I'm not going to screw it up again. As far as I'm concerned, I've done my job.
