1. Matt (1/5): It is definitely a surreal experience that I'm here and I'm going to be playing the game.
2. Shamar (1/4): I've been on over sixty combat missions in Iraq, so as far as this game goes, they're lunch meat.
3. Allie (1/1): I know enough about the game and I know enough about people that I think I'll make it to the very end.
4. Laura (1/2): There is one guy with glasses who seems particularly observant of everybody else. I think, he is going to be another strategist, besides myself.
5. Michael (1/3): One of the blondes, good Lord, you could break her in two, I think, and she looks like she's, like, eighteen years old. I'm like, "What in the hell is she doing out here?"
6. Brandon (1/2): You’re not gonna screw me or they're gonna be consequences.
7. Andrea (1/2): The theme of this season is people that made big mistakes. This is a chance to correct those mistakes.
8. Shamar (2/4): To me, the challenge without, you know, being the winners was very disappointing to me. I had so much confidence in my team, so it-it made me, you know, realize that, you know, I don't have full control over this game and that I just have to do my best and inspire my teammates to, you know, do a better job next time.
9. Julia (1/1): When we saw the flag we just saw the machete and the bag of rice right there, we knew it was real. I mean, we were home. This beautiful island was going to be our home for the next 39 days.
10. Reynold (1/4): We all had one canister of water, and it was pretty much gone and we realized we had to make fire to be able to boil water or, I mean, we-we wouldn't make it two days.
11. Matt (2/5): To me, shelter is just as important as fire. And there's ten people on our tribe. So I'm just gonna do my thing and see how it plays out.
12. Matt (3/5): Dude, I'm working on shelter. I've been busting my ass. I haven't seen you lift one single finger. I haven't seen you lift a bamboo or-or chop anything. I kind of had higher expectations from a Marine.
13. Reynold (2/4): Shamar just went nuts and I'm a little bit worried about how we are going to size up against the other tribe now. We're going to have an Immunity Challenge coming up, and, uh, we're going to have to have camaraderie in camp or else things are going to get ugly quick.
14. Dawn (1/2): Landing on this beach, it was a little surreal, and I'm thinking I've had this experience. I was walking on a beach and we were finding our camp. Definitely different as far as the island. I mean, this is dinosaurs or something. I mean, this is incredible.
15. Malcolm (1/1): As the new kid on the block, kind of, my role the first few days is really impression management. Luckily, I managed to win the game point and, uh, won us the flint and the beans, and so I got to make a great first impression on the tribe, which is actually great for my strategic game.
16. Phillip (1/5): The first time you come out, you're so unsure. There's so much unknown. You're wondering like, “Can I survive the humidity? Can I survive the heat? Can I survive starvation? Can I do it?” I already know I can do it. So this time when I hit the beach, I was like, probably like my father when he went to Iwo Jima during World War II. You know, he knew that he was fighting for the US Marine Corps and they were ready to deal with whatever they had to deal with. It was awesome for me when I first hit that beach knowing I'm ready, baby.
17. Francesca (1/9): Well, looking at Phillip now, I mean, it's hard to read him. I mean, I pretty much stand by my initial assessment of him as a crazy person. (chuckles) Um, but I'm hoping the fact that I was the first person out, my first season, is going to work to my advantage because there are much bigger threats in the game. So when they're looking around and wondering, you know, who do they need to be worried about, hopefully they won't be thinking about me.
18. Francesca (2/9): I kind of, you know, I guess I was a little traumatized by, like, having a really bad minority alliance the first time I played so now I'm like, “I'm gonna align with everybody.”
19. Francesca (3/9): I, you know, I think a lot of people think that my first season I got kind of a raw deal and got stuck in an impossible situation, which I totally agree. (chuckles) Um, and so I've got to prove that that's the case, and that I actually can play this game, and, you know, be smart about it, and be competitive, and get, you know, make the right relationships, and get along with people, and be a serious threat in this game.
20. Phillip (2/5): I'm going to let Francesca be Francesca. The fact of the matter is, I buried the hatchet with her. When she came up to me here and had a conversation with me, I realize she's stuck in a time warp. I just think that… (sighs) she annoys me greatly.
21. Francesca (4/9): Phillip and I had our first conversation. It was fine. I mean, you know, I resigned myself to just playing really nice with Phillip. But, you know, I don't know. I mean, I don't know if he's going to be gunning for me. I'm not gunning for him. So if I am voted off first a second time, I will eat… (picks up rock) this rock. It's not gonna happen.
22. Shamar (3/4): Getting voted out is one thing, but I'm not going to sit up here and be the guy who goes out for dehydration. And that's not, you know, something that I could have lived with, so I just started looking at people make the fire and I started seeing where they were going wrong. I sat back on the log and I was like, “Alright, so I need this kind of wood. I need to do this. I need to do that.” I'm going to be the Marine who came in at the end and just smashed them.
23. Shamar (4/4): I instantly got hydrated just off the fire, just because I knew that water was around the corner. I had to make it happen. Like, it was like… it was like, being in Iraq and, like, having to get home. Like, it just had to happen.
24. Matt (4/5): Seeing as I saw everyone over by the fire, I knew that it was great news. Obviously, we need fire. I was extremely happy. I smoothed it over with Shamar. We shook hand. Sometimes you gotta give the guy a benefit of the doubt, a little bit.
25. Phillip (3/5): You know, we have such a good crowd. When I look at everybody in there, I'm thinking this is going to be a good game. I thought some things I learned from Boston Rob might come into play working with this group. In fact, I created something called "The B.R. Rules." Like, the B.R. rule one would be, get in an alliance. B.R. rule two, get in an alliance within an alliance. B.R. rule three, get rid of your alliance before it gets rid of you. And by the way, man, you don't owe anybody anything. It's all about family.
26. Phillip (4/5): I'm playing a different strategy this time. First of all, find two people that were very efficient at dominating the tribe, making sure we have the numbers. And so I picked Corinne. Corinne is a take charge kind of person. And Andrea, because I knew her. I knew her to be a strategist. Part of my strategy was to have two people like that. I would be in the background because I am being stealth, the undercover brother, for short, The Specialist. Behind the scenes, giving direction, without making it so obvious to everybody, except my core alliance. I have gone out and recruited six people out of the ten. But I'm looking at Erik. There's something there that I like.
27. Erik (1/2): So Phillip basically said to me, "You're with me or you're out." It's not even a choice, which drives me nuts. The fact that he came to me with this fear mentality with a Boston Rob style, I don't want to be with him. He's a combative idiot loser who makes everybody crazy.
28. Reynold (3/4): I think it was serendipitous that I got paired up with Allie in the challenge. I knew that the guys would want to pair up with me. I knew that was going to happen naturally and there's no pressure for that. But what I needed instantly, right away, was I needed to be someone who was not obvious and I think she's a not obvious choice. She kind of flies under the radar. She's not the cutest. She's not the anything. She's just cool and there and likable. Survivor is a game of gut instinct, and right now, my gut feels good. And I think hers does, too.
29. Eddie (1/3): Me and Hope are the two best looking people here, you know what I mean? And I'm not-- I’m not just saying that. Like, that's-that’s how it is. As soon as we got off the boat we were partners in the challenge. And I'm like, “I'm going to work with you.” And she's like, “I'm going to work with you.”
30. Eddie (2/3): Hope, she's like a little southern belle. That's what I’m looking for, you know what I mean? I’m looking to-- well, I don't know if I'm necessarily looking to slow down, so we're just going to have fun.
31. Laura (2/2): The first night, everybody was really just looking for body warmth, so it was just like we were all piling in. But, I did notice because I was sleeping next to Reynold and Allie, that their cuddling was a little bit more. I noticed a little bit more arms locked around. You know, it wasn't just a body warmth thing. Not a smart move. Romantic alliances do not work on Survivor. You're going to get targeted right away.
32. Cochran (1/6): Weather-wise, this is not my environment. I was not aware how quickly I can become sunburned. The sun is constantly roasting you. My entire body, head to toe-- literally, my toes are sunburned.
33. Brenda (1/1): Cochran is like a little tomato right now. He is all bright red all over the place and he’s swollen like a little pregnant lady.
34. Cochran (2/6): I'm trying to put on a brave face, maybe make some self-deprecating comments around camp like, “Oh, yeah, I look like a lobster. I look like a freak. Ha, ha. It’s funny.” Actually, I'm in horrible pain right now, and I feel like crying, kind of, but I’m, you know, trying to stay strong. And my new persona is strong, a little bit of swagger, a little more confidence. I can't be the same freak I was last time.
35. Reynold (4/4): Allie and I had a little cuddle session last night, and, uh, a lot is communicated through the cuddle. So now we kind of have this four with me, Eddie, Allie, and Hope. So it's all kind of worked out.
36. Eddie (3/3): This is, like, the cool kid lunch table back at high school. Everybody wants to sit at the cool kid lunch table but you gotta work your way in. But I don't think anybody else is going to be at our table.
37. Sherri (1/1): There's lots of snuggling going on last night. It wasn't just a, "I'm staying warm," kind of cuddle, snuggle kind of thing. They were hooking up.
38. Michael (2/3): I told the ladies that I was with them. "Oh, yeah, I’m-I'm with you guys." But I'm trying to set myself up so that I can be hip to either direction because I wanna go where it's best for me.
39. Michael (3/3): Matt and I, we both have a great sense of humor, I think. He's laid back, and he works hard, so we kind of, you know, vibe in camp the same way.
40. Matt (5/5): Michael’s kind of, like, you know, telling me, there’s a couple of different alliance possibilities that have come up and they're really strong options, and he wants to know where I stand.
41. Francesca (5/9): Yeah, it was a heartbreaker. I mean, you know, you can be confident, and we were confident, but, you know, there’s such a thing as luck and that guy, Reynold, he just was really good at tossing sandbags into holes. (smirks) Apparently, some skill that if it had taken him ten seconds longer, we would have won. So unfortunately, we’re going to Tribal Council tonight.
42. Francesca (6/9): You know, it’s not that I don’t like her, because I do. But if Corinne had come to me yesterday and said, like, “Okay, like, let’s talk about the game or what are you thinking?,” or something, that would make me trust her more because I think that would be more in keeping with who I perceive her to be. So the fact that she’s just like, “Oh, everything’s great! What, we’re playing Survivor?! Like, we have to vote people out?! I didn’t even know that!” It’s, like, that just makes me suspicious of her.
43. Cochran (3/6): Sunburn aside, I have basically instant rapport with ever-- I say everybody on my tribe, uh, is-is intensely satisfying. It’s basically the aloe to my sunburn, as it were.
44. Andrea (2/2): Francesca is tricky for me because I really like her. She’s funny. I think we have a pretty good bond. It’s just-- it’s hard because we talked, like, right away. Her, me, and Dawn, we’re, like, “Okay, we’re gonna figure this out.” And then, like, a long time went by and I didn’t hear anything from her. So she has her own agenda, but I think I have more loyal people with Phillip. So instead of Francesca, it’s almost better to go that way.
45. Phillip (5/5): I like the idea of voting Francesca out first again. You need to be like Machiavelli who said, “If you come at me once, I will burn your village. I will kill your aunts, uncles and all your children so that none of your kind will exist again.”
46. Erik (2/2): Phillip basically approached me on the first day and he said, “You can be with me and we have the numbers, or you can be against me, and I have the numbers anyway.” Maybe he does have the numbers. Maybe Phillip does have enough people that he can control the game, but I’m not sure what Phillip’s up to. He’s quiet. He’s just hanging out. He’s not scrambling too much. So I don’t know what’s up his sleeve.
47. Francesca (7/9): I mean, I don’t know. There’s still conversations going on but it seems pretty clear that Phillip is going to be the one to go. You know, of course, I could be blindsided. I could be voted out first, twice, which would be the worst thing ever. Like, really the worst thing ever-- I can’t, like, I can’t-- we can’t even talk about that possibility right now. (laughs)
48. Cochran (4/6): Coming into this game I was a little bit, uh, skeptical of how Dawn would react to me ‘cause I arguably screwed her over last time. I voted her out. So I wasn’t sure if there was going to be any lingering resentment or what was going to be the case.
49. Cochran (5/6): I’m willing to work with her. She’s honest to a fault unless she’s kind of reinvented herself over the past year and decided to play a much more cutthroat game, which actually she might be. The fact that she is willing to take out Frannie, who she’s confessed to really liking and wanting to work with, indicates this is a new Dawn. A new Daw… (laughs) Sorry.
50. Dawn (2/2): Cochran and I talked at length about staying together and voting together and so I trust him right now, and what I’m going to have to do is just really see what’s in the best interest for us as far as where to vote because wherever Cochran and I lie, we’re kind of swing, as far as I can tell.
51. Francesca (8/9): One of the things that we’re considering is splitting the votes because as unlikely as it may seem, it is possible that Phillip has an idol, and I hate to, like, go down this paranoid road, but I don’t know. Something does not feel right about the way they’re behaving.
52. Brandon (2/2): I don’t trust Andrea at all. She’ll be talking to one person one second, talking to another person the next. Strategy, strategy, strategy. She’s strategic, dude. She’s aware. I’m more intimidated by Andrea than anybody out there.
53. Francesca (9/9): Erik and Brandon just came up to me and said that they want to vote for Andrea. And I’m just, like… (sighs) I-- I mean, at this point, we’re leaving for Tribal Council. Like, I have no time to try to, like, get to the bottom of this. If that’s what they want to do, then, you know-- I mean, the only reason that I came up with that plan is because I just didn’t want us to get totally screwed, and now we might-- that’s exactly what might happen.
54. Cochran (6/6): You know, in-in-in weighing whether I want to vote off somebody like Francesca, there is kind of this emotional aspect. You can say you want to play the most strategic, cold-blooded game in the world, but emotions do enter the equation. Uh, the fact that I like her, doesn’t help. So, there’s a part of me that’s like, “Maybe I shouldn’t vote her off just ‘cause that would be cruel.” It feels like-- I feel, like, it’s inhumane. Like, you don’t know. I mean, I have, like, morals… right? (chuckles) I have-- I have a sense of shame.
1. Brandon (1/4): This Tribal Council sucked! Francesca, one of the nicest women in Survivor I've ever met, twice, first person to go home.
2. Dawn (1/3): I feel like Brandon was really awful to me after we came home from Tribal Council. It just became kind of too pointed and personal for me and I had-- I literally had to walk away. I’ve gotta get a grip on my emotions. I don't want to be around everyone crying.
3. Dawn (2/3): (tearfully) I try so hard to not disrespect people. I think I just get really let down. And I’m like, I would never do that to someone and so to have someone do it to me, it’s like, my brain can't process it. I'm like, "Oh, you're mean." But it's about me and what I stand for, and it doesn't really Matter what Brandon thinks of me. It just doesn't. But that's really disappointing ‘cause if he treats other people like that, it's like pollution.
4. Brandon (2/4): I feel like Rambo. Like, I honestly feel my uncle's blood running through my body right now. Like it's-- (does the wave) like the wave, and it's coming back. It feels great! I don't want to go out blindsided. This is a game and I'm playing it dir_ty, to the core. I want to go out with a bang!
5. Shamar (1/2): I've been staying in the shade, conserving my energy. I'm not really trying to do too much, just kind of, you know, keep low because I can't keep getting caught up in these, like, little scuffles over stuff. Like, I'm not going to argue with you over water. You know, nobody is really worried about my hydration but me. So I've just been relaxing under the-- under the tent for a little bit. I don't even gotta talk any more. I just gotta lay here and people just are getting crazy. And I'm not trying to be out in the sun during the day. You know, I’ve been to Iraq twice so I know how to deal with time. I can sit in the shade the next 40 days. You know, once they see that I don't really care about the game, then I'm not really a threat.
6. Allie (1/2): It's just, like, a group joke, like, "Oh, where is Shamar? Twenty bucks says he's napping." Shamar’s definitely gotta go if we go to Tribal Council. It's non-negotiable.
7. Sherri (1/3): I feel good about the six. Laura, uh, Julia, Shamar, Mike, and Matt. We are solid. That's my gang. And so it's us six against the foursome, the couples, the lovers, the whatever you want to call ‘em.
8. Sherri (2/3): I'm not letting go of my boy Shamar. He needs to be right here in my back pocket. I want Shamar to keep annoying people because Shamar is my Phillip. So, I want to keep my Phil around, and I get along with my Phil. I can-- I can stroke him and I can-- I can put him back in place.
9. Cochran (1/1): One of the most frightening things about Brandon's personality is that he has these moments of extreme rage and they're almost immediately followed by unbelievable pleasantness. The sort of behavior befitting of a murderer who is kind of sociopathic. The only thing I can predict about Brandon is that he is going to be unpredictable. And that gives me very little solace in this game where predictability, really is everything.
10. Phillip (1/3): Brandon, he is narcissistic, it’s the word I would use for him. And when you’re dealing with a narcissistic person, they have-- they don't have empathy for others. At the end of the day, there's something I find very disturbing about it. I mean, to me that’s… I think someone used the phrase for me last year, crazy.
11. Brandon (3/4): You don't want to fight with me! Special agent Pink Panther was… freaking Inspector Gadget thought he could pull his, uh, special agent tricks and that’s going to be his downfall in this game.
12. Brandon (4/4): When it comes down to it, I gotta give it everything I have these next couple of days. If I don't, I'm gone.
13. Reynold (1/3): I was thinking less about the loss, and more that Shamar has got to go. He's a cancer. Everybody unanimously thinks that he's disrespectful, he's lazy, he doesn't contribute, and he-he ruffles feathers for no reason. Tonight's vote is an obvious vote for Shamar.
14. Dawn (3/3): Favorites won their first immunity, and our reward was fishing gear. Perfect! Net and lures, and so we can line fish if we want. There was a Hawaiian sling, and so it's pretty exciting.
15. Phillip (2/3): In season 22, Survivor: Redemption Island, I had an organization called Stealth R Us. For unforeseen reasons we have now expanded our operations here in the Philippines, therefore I've given them each a name. (with Malcolm) The newest member of Stealth Us-- Stealth R Us Inc. is The Enforcer. Principal responsibilities: to make sure that in any challenge, whether it be a man or woman, that he put her out of commission in terms of winning that challenge. The Enforcer.
16. Malcolm (1/2): I don't know what’s going through Phillip's head. He's just out here and he thinks he, you know, running some sort of corporation of, uh, a spy corporation. And he's just really getting ridiculous.
17. Phillip (3/3): Can I have your attention, please? I just wanna say, it's so great to be here as The Specialist, (points to Cochran) The Intelligentsia Attaché, (points to Malcolm) The Enforcer, (points to Andrea) The Eliminator, (points to Corinne) The Dominatrix, and (points to Dawn) True Grit. Here to solve a mission that few would dare take on-- to beat the heck out of the Fans.
18. Malcolm (2/2): But if it's Stealth R Us for a few days and it makes a couple people happy, why not? Unless he’s Stealth R Us for the entire game, I'm going to hang myself. Phillip Sheppard is an insane person.
19. Allie (2/2): It stinks that we’re going to Tribal Council but I can't stand Shamar so I never understood why people would throw a challenge until I lived with him for five days. Like, it never crossed my mind until I met with him. So, again, I pray he goes home tonight.
20. Shamar (2/2): Reynold made a dramatic scene. It came out of nowhere, and he did it in front front of everybody, and I just felt like, you know, he knows him and the three other people in his alliance are in a short situation so he tried to make a scene to make me look bad so that people would want to vote for me and keep his alliance in the game for one more challenge.
21. Matt (1/1): It's time to go to our first Tribal Council and I have two choices right now. You know, Michael and I have a really strong bond, and if I told Michael right now, “Hey, man, I think it's better for us to go with Hope, Allie, Eddie, and Reynold,” that he would follow suit. My other option is to go with Sherri, Julia, Shamar, and Laura. I just need to make a decision and it's not going to be an easy one.
22. Sherri (3/3): Matt said that he was kind of on the fence about voting out Shamar. It kind of got me a little worried because I want to make sure when I go to sleep tonight that Shamar is safe laying next to me.
23. Laura (1/2): Personally, I think Allie's a strategic threat. I think she's the only one out of the four pretty people that's really thinking.
24. Reynold (2/3): You know, being a fan of the game, I know that Hidden Immunity Idols are a part of the game. And, uh, I assume that there's probably one out here and I definitely want it.
25. Reynold (3/3): All right, I really… I've been looking for, like, not that long. I was just thinking, “Where would I hide an Immunity Idol?” This is absolutely too crazy. This is too freaking crazy. “Congratulations. You’ve found the Hidden Immunity Idol. The Immunity Idol will keep you safe from being voted off at Tribal Council." Boom, good to know. I want to tuck this thing away, make sure that nobody knows that I have it. And that is just absolutely freaking nuts that I just found this! I have found the Hidden Immunity Idol, and I'm, like, really excited right now, so I'm trying to just, like, check myself, be smart about it, you know, not walk back to camp with some giant, stupid grin on my face and a huge bulge in my pocket.
26. Laura (2/2): Okay, so, right before we're about to leave for Tribal Council, I see a bulge in Reynold's pocket. And it seemed like there was definitely something in it. And we all know that the only thing that you would put in your pocket before Tribal Council is the Hidden Immunity Idol. So I'm like, “What's going on here? Is this going to mess up our plan to get Allie off tonight?” Because we all know that Allie and Reynold are really close and there's definitely a possibility that he could pass it to her and save her butt, and we're trying to get her off. And if he passed that idol to Allie, then it would be Shamar going home and not Allie, and that would screw us over. I'm pretty sure that I'm the only one that knows. But at this point, there's really not enough time to talk to the rest of our alliance. So I'm freaking out a little bit.
1. Matt (1/1): I was sweating it coming back to camp because I was the one that was at the crossroads of the two alliances. And it took maybe less than thirty seconds for things to hit the fan.
2. Laura (1/6): The camp is totally in chaos. You would think that since I saved Shamar's ass, he could just do us a favor and shut up but he's going nuts right now.
3. Michael (1/1): Shamar just got more and more amped up. All the stuff that had been building up at Tribal and the few days prior, just started coming out, and he was yelling at everybody.
4. Laura (2/6): I know that he has been through a hell of a lot more than the rest of us have been. You know, he's had two tours in Iraq. I get that.
5. Laura (3/6): But at the same time, the part of Shamar that was fun, has completely gone.
6. Reynold (1/4): We just had Tribal Council last night and pretty much got blindsided. I thought we were all on the same page about voting Shamar off for not contributing at camp. Congrats to them, they got us.
7. Eddie (1/1): Everybody knows that Shamar is freeloading and is being lazy. And I think Shamar is going to step on too many people's toes on his own and everybody’s going to be like, “Alright, now is definitely the time for him to go.” I just want him gone.
8. Sherri (1/3): You don't run across Shamars every day, but just in my life, I’ve come across people with that kind of attitude. I own several franchises so everybody who works for me is under the age of, say, twenty-four, so that's all I do is deal with snotty, teenaged brats all day, and so I think I'm the closest one that understands how he thinks out here, but he needs to shut up.
9. Shamar (1/4): I'm just kind of feeling like in this game that, you know, I'm, like, the black sheep. I honestly came into this game really wanting the million dollars but then when I actually seen how people act, you know, it's kind of like-- it's not really worth it to me. And that's where it's kind of disheartening. And that's where it’s like-- that’s where I kind of question, you know, how much I should be in this game.
10. Phillip (1/1): To be fifty-four years old, to be playing Survivor again, I'm actually having the time of my life right now. Fifty-four is just a number. And to be honest with you, in my daily life, I really know how to take care of myself. I really know what I'm doing. I work out. For my age, to do what I do, it's phenomenal. When I go to the gym now and I play full-court ball, I'm playing with men half my age. And I got a little thing. I get a little rebound, sprint to the corner with it, do a little double dribble, uh-uh, try to go for it, one step back, (mimics throwing basketball) all air, baby. Playing with guys twice my height. But they don't know what I'm gonna do out there. And they can't believe I'm doing-- "Hey, man, you're playing pro NBA ball." Not! “It’s just that you're just not used to the Larry Birds, the Magic Johnson kind of moves.” I'm old school!
11. Corinne (1/1): In our large alliance of six, there’s an interesting dynamic that Andrea and Phillip have both played together and have a connection, and Cochran and Dawn have both played together and have a connection. So that really just left Malcolm and I and we sort of gravitated towards each other. He's, like, super smart, went to an ivy league school. Like, he’s got his head on his shoulders. And, you know, it doesn't hurt to have somebody good looking around.
12. Malcolm (1/1): Finally I got some power in my back pocket. I got an idol, nah-nah, nah-nah, nah-nah. (chuckles) I'm not thrilled that Corinne knows I have the idol. Of cour-- of course, in a perfect world, I’d have it all to myself but Corinne does know about it and she's somebody that luckily I did have, you know, a good relationship early on in this game. Our wagons are kind of hitched together because of this idol now. And, uh, it's either going to work out really well or we're going to burn down very quickly because she does not go down without a fight.
13. Cochran (1/1): You know, back at home, I'm waiting the whole week long for wednesday night at eight to arrive so I can turn on CBS and see what's in store. But when you're playing this game every single day is like wednesday night at eight. It's wild and that’s what I love. I-I get to watch Survivor while I'm playing Survivor. And for a Survivor nut like I am, this is a dream come true. The-the weird thing is that it's not normal for me to be surrounded by all these beautiful women who are half the time just wearing their underwear. I mean, that-that's some sort of freudian picnic, I think, uh, but it's real here.
14. Andrea (1/3): I've learned from the last time I played that you have to always be thinking. Even if you think you have a group, “This thing’s solid,” there could be better options and I really want Corinne out.
15. Andrea (2/3): I don't think she'd make a move right now but I want to get her out of here before she can get rid of me.
16. Andrea (3/3): It's hard because I don't want to talk to the wrong person, too early, and it gets back to Corinne that I'm thinking about something, and then the target's on me.
17. Brandon (1/1): I've been told that I'm safe. "Oh you're safe, you're safe, you're safe." But it's really sketchy because there's a voice in the back of my head saying, "You've been done like this before. You've been coaxed along to believe something that’s not true.” I think there's just a bunch of lying going on because if they tell me, "Hey, Brandon, you're, um, you’re going out next," you think I’m honestly-- I'll-I’ll pee in the rice. Like, I'll pee in the beans. I'll-I’ll burn the shelter to the ground. I'm going to try 150% each and every challenge, but if we lose and my efforts aren't good enough for them to keep me around, by God, I'm going to be-- there's going to be hell to pay in camp.
18. Shamar (2/4): There's not a lot of happy thoughts here. And it really sucks if I have to quit this game but it's like, is not quitting worth not being happy? And that's where it, you know, it's a no-brainer to me.
19. Laura (4/6): I think because we're all such big fans of the show we were all a little bit thrown back by the fact that, you know, Shamar would take it so far as to quit.
20. Shamar (3/4): There was situations that happened in Iraq that, you know, it was hard for me to live with, you know? Um, I watched suicide bombings in front of me. I’ve seen my friends in body bags, and I've just been in a lot of tight situations that I just can't forget about.
21. Sherri (2/3): I don't know what it's like over in Iraq. I don't know how many people he killed. I-I don't know why he's going to this dark place but I really believe that he's going to look back if he quits and really-- he-he's not realizing what he's doing to himself if he quits.
22. Reynold (2/4): I had my hopes up a little bit that Shamar would quit, but deep down I knew he-he wouldn't follow through with it and that he'd turn it into this like, Shamar is all about loyalty, and made himself a hero for unquitting the game of Survivor that 50,000 people would line up for days just to get a chance to play. I don't know. That's no heroic move in my book. But I'm just going to play my game and Shamar is just going to be one of the factors in my game and I'm going to have to deal with it.
23. Reynold (3/4): Shamar goes off in his, like, stubborn Shamar way and curses me, and calls me names, and he is less mature than my nephew Grayson, and my nephew is three. How much does he have to do for them to finally say, “Enough is enough, let's just vote him out?”
24. Laura (5/6): In this challenge, I blew it. I couldn't swim as fast as everybody else. Frankly, it was pathetic and I know it was, but that also means that of the three that are on the outs right now, we need to keep Reynold and Eddie as long as possible to win some of these challenges, and that's why tonight it should be Hope. So if this game were about physical strength, they'd be looking at me.
25. Sherri (3/3): I’m the one who’s controlling Shamar. I'm keeping him calm. I need Shamar just to keep his mouth shut until we, one by one, knock them out. Reynold, Eddie and Hope. Hopefully, it's Hope tonight.
26. Hope (1/1): You know, I'm concerned that I'm on the chopping block tonight. Reynold is safe because he has the idol and, um, I can't see him giving up his idol just because it's such a risky move.
27. Shamar (4/4): When Hope came down to the water, I kind of-- you know, I get along with her better than I get along with Eddie and Reynold, so I naturally want her to stay, and so, like, I tried to give her a hint at what would save her fate. We're going to split the vote tonight between her and Eddie, and so I basically kind of said, like, all she has to do is vote for Eddie to save herself. But I don't know if she's really going to take heed or not, you know?
28. Julia (1/1): Shamar drives me crazy in every sense possible. And I couldn't believe that he blurbed what our plan was and I think he doesn't care about the game.
29. Laura (6/6): Shamar at this point, I believe, is a complete wild card. I'm in a pretty rough spot because if those three do have the idol, I'm worried if something were to go wrong, it's probably my name that's on the chopping block.
30. Reynold (4/4): This game has changed in the last hour. The latest development, which I have a really good feeling about, is that Shamar is going home. This could be an epic, epic Tribal Council. If everything goes alright tonight, I might have to pull some crazy moves with the idol but, uh, hopefully, we send Shamar packing tonight. It would be like Christmas.
1. Eddie (1/4): It’s mind boggling to me. We got rid of Hope tonight because she was the prettiest one here and she was a threat to everybody because of that. Laura can't lift twenty pounds, she’s still here, she's the weakest link on our team. I really don't care too much for any of these people right now.
2. Reynold (1/7): Now it's pretty much over for Eddie and I. Our backs are completely up against the wall. I have the Immunity Idol still, so that’s gonna protect me, but Eddie could be screwed.
3. Phillip (1/2): As The Specialist, one of the things you have to do-- and Napoleon knew this when he went to Waterloo-- he really couldn't pay his troops, he knew he didn’t have money, so what he’d do he give them names and honor. For you to obtain the name of Stealth R Us, it means that you are a person who is loyal. In the case of Brandon, I've come up with a name, but not for the reason that I would normally do it. It's just to give him a sense that he belongs and hopefully be able to, as we say in the business, contain the threat.
4. Brandon (1/1): It took me nine days of kissing butt to infiltrate special agent Phillip's alliance. Supposedly, Phillip is supposed to be able to discern who's lying to him. I'm lying to him! This agent sucks bad!
5. Andrea (1/2): It kind of makes me upset that Phillip gives people, not in our alliance, a name. He gave Brandon a name. Okay, I like that idea, actually. I wish he would have came to me first but I like that Brandon has a name. But then Phillip gives Erik a name. So what, are we going to give Brenda a name? I mean, seriously.
6. Phillip (2/2): You can't have an operation of this magnitude unless The Specialist is here in Caramoan island, and that's why I'm here to make sure that we pull together as a cohesive unit so we can contain the one challenge. That's the goal.
7. Reynold (2/7): Laura definitely slowed us down. Like, let's just vote her off, she's weak. Can we just move on? We have to start winning challenges or we're all screwed.
8. Cochran (1/3): So the Favorites won the Reward Challenge and we got to have a local bushman come to camp and introduce us to ways of improving our camp and actually physically improving it for us, as well as cooking a great feast for us.
9. Malcolm (1/2): We're all really excited. We don't really know what's going to happen. Nothing could have prepared us for this little guy. His name was Tata. He's about four feet tall, sixty years old, he's all knotted up with muscle and he hits the beach and he doesn't mess around.
10. Malcolm (2/2): It was entertaining more than anything. It was just fun to watch him. You could only understand half of what he was saying anyways. He's like a Filipino Gollum.
11. Cochran (2/3): As we got to form as much of a rapport as you can form with someone like Tata the bushman, we got a sense of how he functions, and the way he functions is basically saying enigmatic little things that nobody understands. But to his credit, he created an unbelievable feast for us. I mean, we've been eating rice but he prepared this rice flawlessly, like you would get in a great restaurant, and he made chicken, potatoes, and onions created in, like, a way that ostensibly we could do once he's gone. I have no idea what the hell he was doing, but it was great to watch. It was kind of, you know, dinner and a show. And, you know, actual home improvement came along with it.
12. Andrea (2/2): I almost felt bad because these Fans are losing and losing and this was a reward that they probably really could’ve used. It boosted the morale of our tribe even more.
13. Cochran (3/3): Tata is a married man but that didn't seem to impede him from really trying to get his bump and grind on with the girls in the Favorites tribe. Since he's kind of this bizarre little woodland creature, he gets away with it. If I tried that I’d seem like I was some creepy predator, but the girls found it delightful. They even were all kissing him on the cheek, which I'm sure will provide him with fodder for years to come in his mind and heart.
14. Michael (1/5): Today, you know, we lost again and I was so mad. The Favorites have everything! They've won every reward so they have this bounty of stuff back at their camp. I mean… sons of bitches. I was so mad.
15. Eddie (2/4): After, when we got back from the challenge, Shamar went right back in the shelter. He doesn't do anything. It’s just pure laziness. There's absolutely no reason to be laying in the shelter for nineteen hours. Shamar is the biggest pain in the ass in this tribe.
16. Reynold (3/7): The other day, Shamar said he was going to quit but he decided to stay. However, today he said, “Well, here are my terms. I will stick it out if I can lay here in the shack and you guys will serve me rice at least once a day.” And I'm just thinking how much longer can this go on?
17. Laura (1/2): With Shamar, you can try to make it this deep dark story about the Iraq veteran as much as you want but that's not it. I think Shamar is starving but, you know what? We're all starving. Shamar is a big baby when it comes down to it.
18. Eddie (3/4): With Shamar, it's always something, you know? Now he's laying in the shelter and, I guess, a piece of sand, or something, falls in his eye and he scratches it so now his eye hurts. I think Shamar is going to lose it soon. I wouldn't be surprised if he wound up quitting again. Now everybody's getting really pissed off and starting to realize that he has to go, which is great for me and Reynold.
19. Michael (2/5): We had a crappy night. Never felt winds like that. Rats were crawling on us. We have cuts and scrapes and bruises, we're hungry. It's a hard game and now it's even harder because we believe that Shamar is gonna quit. Shamar is sitting there rocking back and forth. I think he's meditating. It's like he can't get to a happy place. I'm like, “Who can around here,” you know?
20. Shamar (1/2): Yesterday, a piece of sand got in my eye and, I guess, I scratched my eye. It got swollen and I couldn't sleep at night. I'm worried about it. I'm not thinking about the game, I just kind of want my eye fixed a little bit.
21. Shamar (2/2): I was in the Marine Corps. four years, I did two tours in Iraq and never got hurt. The people who know me know that I'm a strong guy and that, you know, it takes a lot to-to bring me down. But, you know, Survivor is a tough game.
22. Reynold (4/7): When Shamar was claiming his eye was scratched so bad, I was thinking he emotionally didn't want to play anymore. But, uh, it turns out it was very serious so that's my mistake. Still, he was disrespectful, lazy and I'm just happy that he's gone.
23. Reynold (5/7): However, now that Shamar is gone, the majority alliance are gonna jump right back into their premeditated plan and they’re gonna knock off Eddie and I first. So we have to win or one of us is going home.
24. Eddie (4/4): Well, we lost again so we're going back to Tribal Council. Me and Reynold are still on the very outside of this tribe. Like, I have a huge target on my back. Reynold feels the same way and if we don't figure out a new plan one of us is going home.
25. Michael (3/5): I just assumed that everyone was going to try and get Reynold to play the idol and then vote out Eddie, but all of a sudden, Matt is like, "We need to keep the tribe strong and get rid of Laura." And I'm like, “There goes the alliance.”
26. Michael (4/5): I knew as soon as the alliance was formed that it wasn't the alliance of the strong people. But I trust Laura more than I trust Reynold and Eddie, so it could be dangerous to lose her and leave, you know, this wild card, you know, Mr. Awesome with the idol.
27. Reynold (6/7): Matt approached me and he said that he wants to get the muscle back together and try and win some challenges. Well, la-di-da. He's bold-faced lied to me on more occasions than I can count.
28. Reynold (7/7): I should probably play the idol tonight and just save myself. However, if they do vote Laura and I play the idol, it's idol wasted. So I don't know what I'm going to do.
29. Laura (2/2): At this point, I'm pretty sure that Reynold and Eddie are throwing my name around and that makes me very nervous. Because they know, at this point, that my tribe doesn't have a lot of confidence in me in challenges. So I'm definitely worried. The only thing I can do at this point is trust in my alliance and hope it all swings my way.
30. Sherri (1/1): When Laura's name got brought up, I was not on board with it at all. First, we lost Shamar, now this. It feels like the alliance is falling apart. Also, if they keep saying they're picking off the weak and they need to keep the tribe strong, well, of course the guys are going to be always stronger than the women. So of course that concerns me.
31. Michael (5/5): Tonight, I have to either keep the tribe strong so that we can win challenges or hold on to my alliance and keep that strong and there's no way to know what the right or wrong answer is going to be. So just going to have to go with my gut and hope it works out.
1. Sherri (1/3): We voted out Laura and it was a really hard decision because Laura… Laura is special to me. She kind of reminded me of my daughter, I mean, a sweet girl. And I didn't want to write her name down, but I had to go with the tribe because they were all going to vote for her no matter what.
2. Reynold (1/2): I'm still not trusting anybody fully because Tribal one and Tribal two, I went in with all these hopes and aspirations and believing these people, and I got completely duped. This last Tribal, I decided hours before, I'm playing the idol. This is my free pass. I found it. I earned it. I'm going to say exactly what I feel. You guys are worthless in challenges. You need me if you want to win. And if you don't keep me around, you'll maybe get juror one or juror two. And it felt so good to just be honest and say it, and it was like, “Bingo! Here's my idol. I don't care.” That was worth it.
3. Matt (1/4): You know, Reynold played his idol and he knew, it’s like, there's five people against Eddie and Reynold. So, of course, you know, he's like, "I'm going to play the idol." For now, it's just kind of out here on the island somewhere for someone else to find.
4. Michael (1/3): I still don't want Reynold to have the idol because he's a dangerous player. He's really-- he's a clutch guy. He's been our clutch man in all the challenges. He's clutch with getting the fire started. He can pull through. So that's why I don't want him to have the idol. I don't want him pulling through and figuring this thing out and getting himself too far at my expense.
5. Brandon (1/6): I started thinking about my family, and my wife, and my kids and how much they needed me at home, and just leaving them at the drop of a hat just to play a game. I felt like I was being completely selfish, completely selfish.
6. Malcolm (1/2): Brandon’s basically told us he wants to get out of this game. Immediately, my mind starts reeling from the implications. Now my tribe is going to lose a member on force? This has repercussions outside just the Hantz family. And as much as I don't want that to weigh on his decision, maybe he should have thought of that before he decided to jump out here with the rest of us.
7. Corinne (1/2): It turns out Brandon's alternative to telling us he was going to quit was he going to burn the shelter down and/or pee in our beans and rice. I want him off my camp immediately. He's loco, for sure. Clearly, he's spinning out of control. It's just a matter of time. And it's a matter of, like, what does that mean for everyone around him? Like, what's he going to do?
8. Brandon (2/6): I had some time to think and instead of leaving, I'm going to go out there and I'm going to play. You're going to see the most intense Brandon you've seen thus far and it's going to be awesome. I'm excited. I'm freaking myself out. I don't know what I'm going to do.
9. Eddie (1/3): The frustrating part is definitely today I thought it was going to be a turnaround for us. I thought today's challenge was, most definitely, our chance to win, our chance to turn around and get the tribe going in the right direction… and we blew it.
10. Sherri (2/3): It is so hard to keep my mouth shut right now. I went with your plan and I got rid of Laura? We still lost today. Muscle's not paying off. You know, and I just hope the alliance realizes this and doesn't listen to all their crap about how, “We need muscle, we need muscle, we need muscle!” But who knows? Now, I mean, the fear is that the idol is back in play. It's around here somewhere. I gotta find it.
11. Matt (2/4): I definitely don't think that, uh, it's a big secret that everyone's looking for the idol. I mean, it was flushed out last night. So I know it's back on this island somewhere. It can't be that hard to find because Reynold found it pretty quick. Usually, the idol is in a tree or under a rock or something. I definitely want to find the idol, and if I find the idol, I'm not telling anybody in this tribe.
12. Sherri (3/3): I'm totally following my instincts of where the idol could be. I mean, usually it's by something unique or, like, a weird tree or a weird rock that is out of place, or just something that kind of stands out.
13. Michael (2/3): Things are just so crazy, you never know what's going to happen. We're down in numbers, and people are fidgety, and I want to know where it is. And if it is in my pocket, it's so important. It can take me so much further if I can find it. And as long as Reynold doesn't find it. I don't want him to find it.
14. Reynold (2/2): Twice! Twice! Number two! Oh, my God! "Congratulations, you found the Hidden Immunity Idol." Da, da, da, da, da. I know all this by heart. It's the second one I found. I mean, I might as well just keep playing them if I can just keep finding ‘em. But I don't want the majority alliance to know I have the idol because when they found out I had it last time, they started gunning for me in order to flush it out. I don't want it to get flushed. I want to be able to use it for, like, a time when it will really make a big difference, and I think there's a direct correlation between opening your big fat mouth and, uh, the idol having to get played. So, mouth shut but, uh, Eddie's my boy to the end. I'll probably tell Eddie. Back in business, baby. This is how you play Survivor.
15. Eddie (2/3): I mean, you-you can't get any luckier than that. You can't. You get rid of it and six hours later you have it again? That's awesome. Uh, the funniest part of the whole thing is Sherri’s wanted this idol since Day 1, and even now today, Sherri is out here walking around combing the beach everywhere, combing the woods, looking for this idol, and it's just funny to watch.
16. Andrea (1/1): Brandon seemed sullen. There's something in his eyes. You can tell that he's just going back and forth in his own mind. I mean, I hope that this win brought his spirits up, but we've been on a winning streak, so I don't even know if he won the million dollars, if he would ever get right in his head.
17. Brandon (3/6): I was trying so hard not to make this game about me anymore, and he, all of a sudden, decides to take ownership of winning this challenge for himself. Phillip Sheppard, this dumb-ass spy agent-- whatever you want to call him-- thinks he won the challenge and it’s really, really, really pissing me off. I don't want to hear that crap. So right now, I'm a little bit aggravated and I feel like-- I feel like venting a little bit.
18. Corinne (2/2): I think we can all agree that Brandon is definitely unstable and unpredictable. What are you supposed to do with that? It's just-- I don't know what to do with it.
19. Malcolm (2/2): Brandon finally snapped. Phillip didn't do anything out of the ordinary, but he caught Brandon in just, like, one of his downward swings, and, uh, for me, no matter what strategic consideration Brandon plays, at some point, he's going to go past the threshold where he's more of a drain on the camp than he's going to be useful down the road.
20. Phillip (1/3): I'm not going to have some young punk telling me to shut up. He just doesn't know. You know, I'm a street fighter. I don't want to get involved with anything like that. I'm trying everything I can to avoid that but if he ever came at me, he's going to see a different side of me. I think he's unstable, I think he should be out of the game. And if they want to keep him in the game, they can keep him in the game, but I will be playing a different way.
21. Brandon (4/6): I've always been annoyed with Phillip. I've listened to him. I've kissed his butt, but at the same time, I gotta keep myself under control. And as long as I can keep myself under control, I'll be good. But by damn, that might be a really tough thing to do.
22. Phillip (2/3): “Hey  man, I'm sorry. I hope we're okay.” Am I still-- no, you're not! In my book, you're persona non grata. The first opportunity I have to get him out of the game, he will go. I'm not going to put up with it anymore.
23. Matt (3/4): I've been wet for like, two days straight. And my feet just look like a dead person's feet. I can barely move my toes, and it feels like I'm walking on nails.
24. Michael (3/3): Camp life at Gota has been a long strand of hell. We're failing on all levels of Survivor, but we have to do something. You know, we can't just wallow under the palm fronds and hope that everything is going to get better ‘cause it’s-it's not.
25. Eddie (3/3): It's been raining for almost forty-eight hours straight now. I have a definite head cold. I know that for a fact. All my clothes are wet. Everything I have been sleeping in is wet. Everything I wear during the day is wet. It just sucks. Yeah, it's not a good situation, right now.
26. Matt (4/4): A lot of bad things have happened over the last 13 days. I try to be as strong as possible, but there's definitely times when you're so hungry, you're so cold and so thirsty that you feel like, “God, I wish something good would happen to our tribe.”
27. Brandon (5/6): This Phillip and Brandon rivalry, it's getting to me! I woke up this morning, who starts the fire?! Brandon starts the fire! Who's the only dude in this tribe who can start a fire with a piece of flint?! Brandon. So I don't need no old fifty-four year-old punk bitch telling me don't bite the hand that feeds you! He doesn't feed me! I'm a Hantz! I feed me!
28. Phillip (3/3): We've got to get Brandon out of camp. He's not sane. He's not right. He could harm one of us and therefore, sometimes you might do the unthinkable to make something else possible. I would normally never consider throwing a challenge, I'm too much a competitor, but in this instance, the good outweigh the bad. It is a degree of compassion for him, as well as it is potentially a game saver for us by eliminating him out of the game, by throwing a challenge.
29. Brandon (6/6): I'm starting to boil a little bit, boil a little bit. My man. For someone who cooks, who does good in challenges, who keeps the fire up every night, pretty much takes care of camp… and, like, still wants to get me voted out? We squashed this.
30. Dawn (1/1): Brandon is ready to fist fight. He's literally out of his mind. There's so much to consider when something like that happens because we're trying to decide is he in a place at all where we can still play with him or forfeit the challenge, give immunity away, which you never do in this game.
1. Phillip (1/5): I feel sorry for Brandon, and let me tell you, what was going on with that guy, it takes a professional. Even a specialist wouldn't tell you what's going on with him.
2. Corinne (1/7): I didn't really care for the fact that nobody jumped in to save Phillip or I. You know, Dawn had several opportunities where she could have said, “We like these people, we don't like him.”
3. Cochran (1/3): When Brandon was here it was actually a certified asylum. It's comforting to know that Brandon was able to successfully fly over the cuckoo's nest and now we're just left with Phillip.
4. Phillip (2/5): Brandon's gone, I'm already done with him. I had an operation called Operation Thunder Dome, all of us was on board with it to go after Corinne. She's definitely ego driven and going to do what's best for her. For the first opportunity that I have to take a stiletto and get her out of the game, she's gone.
5. Reynold (1/2): It's over for Eddie and I as far as making any kind of social alliances with anybody here, so I'm just going to go out, win challenges, eat rice and hopefully survive long enough that something shifts in the game… ‘cause nothing is shifting in this camp.
6. Reynold (2/2): I could not be happier about this new tribe. I was this close to breaking and now it's like a whole new life, whole new chance, whole new game. I mean, it's Day 1 for Eddie and me now.
7. Eddie (1/1): I'm ecstatic. I think the Gota tribe is, you know, the best that it could possibly be right now. We are the young, good looking tribe. It's awesome. Theoretically, the Favorites can do whatever they want because there's four of them and three of the Fans but I don't think we're going to go to a Tribal Council for a little bit so I think my chances of going further in this game significantly increased.
8. Erik (1/1): Right away, as soon as we hit the beach, Reynold and Eddie pitched me and Malcolm this idea that, “Oh, Sherri is on the outside and Sherri is the person that we need to get off the island.” So to me, that immediately raises red flags. I look at Reynold and I think kind of used car salesman. He's got his baby-- his beautiful baby blue eyes and he’s talking the talk, but it's not all it seems.
9. Andrea (1/1): Sherri spilled the beans of the whole tribe to Brenda and I about Reynold and Eddie. She kind of spoiled everything about their tribe, which is good news for us because we're still thinking along the lines of Favorites versus Fans.
10. Corinne (2/7): New tribe is me, Cochran, Dawn and Phillip from my previous alliance and then the new people are Matt, Julia and then there's Michael. Oh, do I have a special place in my heart for a gay. If I wasn’t the moron, who hasn’t played this game before, I would turn on my entire alliance just to align with the gay, that's how much I like gays. However I can't do that, because I know, at least, none of my people are going to flip, that's for sure.
11. Phillip (3/5): Julia is a twenty year-old very, very smart, not college educated, like myself, but she’s young. So I just wanted to plant the seed with her because it would probably be easier to get her trust than the two men.
12. Julia (1/1): I think Phillip's being a great strategic player and is giving a little bit of information away that could either make me feel really comfortable and excited or really skeptical, and he knows that, so I'm hoping to be on his good page because I think that it's always nerve-wracking to go when you’re in the minority.
13. Phillip (4/5): I told Julia, “People can advance and move ahead in this game, particularly if you're down in the numbers.” And I'm the type of guy that once I say something, I'm going to do it. The flip side of that is, I'm not going to ask twice.
14. Malcolm (1/1): So far, you couldn't ask for more from a really dysfunctional group of people you're going to join up with. Sherri is dead set against Eddie and Reynold. They both are gunning for each other within minutes of us hitting the beach. Andrea, she had a dream that I had the idol last night. It's sitting on my wrist right next to her head. (chuckles) I love this game. She's a smart girl but, you know, I'm an accomplished liar when it comes to women so maybe I pulled it off.
15. Corinne (3/7): So within, I would say, thirty minutes, he's got Julia in a corner telling her she's got to flip if she wants a chance in the alliance, she could be seventh place. You can't say to Phillip, like, “Look, Phillip, that doesn't make a whole lot of sense. We don't need somebody to flip. We're looking for an idol.” He's the worst federal agent I've ever met! What cases did he crack? Like, what was he working on? And is that the reason our country's in such a mess? Like, honestly.
16. Corinne (4/7): Don't think it hasn't crossed my head to turn around and vote Phillip out and just be like, the hell with him.
17. Phillip (5/5): Corinne is so inept, except probably at taking care of her body. But as far as anything else going on, it's just… empty. But Favorites must dominate for now. What we would say back in the day was the responses of human beings vary greatly under dangerous circumstances. Strong men advance boldly, weak men grow agitated, but superior men, they stand their ground and wait for better chances. And that's what I've got to do here. I've just got to wait for the proper moment and give her the boot.
18. Corinne (5/7): Phillip is the most annoying player out here, hands down. The reason why everybody keeps thinking he's the ringleader is because he does outrageous things and we all just keep quiet about it.
19. Corinne (6/7): I don't care. I know he's not the leader and I know I'm not going to listen to him, but if he wants to have a speech when he gets back her, alright, have your speech. I mean, on a scale of, like, one to… on an airplane next to a baby annoying, he’s-he's on the airplane next to the baby annoying and the baby has diarrhea. I mean, it's-- it is the most annoying situation you can be in. It's very frustrating but there is little I can do about it, ‘cause as annoying as he is, he'll vote with me and he ain't gonna flip.
20. Matt (1/2): I was trying to keep a straight face, but hearing, you know, Phillip talk about this Stealth R Us and all this stuff, it made me want to bust out laughing. But, you know, Phillip may be a ticket for me to get farther in this game. So if I have to kiss ass right now to Phillip and be like, "Yes, master, I'll do what you say," well, hey, if that can get me to the merge, and to the next process in this game, then I'm going to do it.
21. Matt (2/2): So right now, Julia thinks that Michael and myself are going to write Dawn's name down. But I'm definitely not writing Dawn's name down, I'm writing Julia with a capital J. And to be honest, it's like, as long as it ain't me going home, that's all I give a crap about.
22. Cochran (2/3): It seems relatively clear to me that one of the Fans is going to go home tonight. I kind of like the idea of voting off Julia. But a possible downside is that Matt and Michael are openly very close to each other, so leaving an outspoken duo, a power couple in this game, doesn't seem to make that much strategic sense.
23. Cochran (3/3): Matt, I'm pretty sure he doesn't have the idol because he reeks of desperation right now. But, for now, it seems like it’s between Matt and Julia with-- who knows? If an idol is played, maybe it's me, maybe it's Corinne, maybe it's Phillip.
24. Corinne (7/7): Tonight's vote is kind of a toss up between Matt and Julia. I mean, I will say I'm glad that my gay gets saved. Um, gotta save the gay. I am undecided. I would love to get rid of Julia because, A, she's really boring… (chuckles) um, and, B, like, she really is the one that cost us the challenge. The thing is, I really, really like Matt. Like, Matt came to me, he was honest with me, doesn't have the idol, I'm convinced he doesn't have the idol. Why do I gotta punish him when Julia hasn't said two words to me? She genuinely does not contribute anything except a nasally voice. So I'm all about getting rid of her. It's really hard. I don't know what to do anymore.
1. Michael (1/1): Tribal Council sucked. Matt’s been my boy since Day 1 and now I'm totally on my own. I'm gonna continue to try to build trust with these guys and try to build friendships as well, so that they want to work with me at the merge.
2. Corinne (1/5): I'm definitely willing to sacrifice one of my own to keep somebody else and I'm going to fight tooth and nail not to have it be Michael. I mean, Michael’s not going home on my watch. Clearly, I would like to dump Phillip as soon as possible. The problem is that you can't make moves like that this early, so I try really hard to be patient and hope that the time will come some time soon.
3. Phillip (1/9): Corinne consistently goes and has conversations with people like Michael and then doesn't disclose to us the nature of the conversations. And for me, that's unacceptable.
4. Phillip (2/9): I want Corinne to be the next person gone but if I cannot get rid of Corinne, then her new gay friend, as she said, will be the one that goes home next.
5. Cochran (1/7): The Tree Mail did say, “The strong will carry the weak.” We have plenty of that latter category so if the success of this challenge depends on the existence of weak people, we got it.
6. Corinne (2/5): Tree Mail says you have to be strong in the challenge. We're all looking around like, "Well, that sucks." And Phillip, with his bravado, is "I got this. What are you talking about? I'm the strongest guy out here." Oh, my God!
7. Phillip (3/9): This challenge has something to do with strength and I think for a lot of them, they're very, very concerned about it. But I don't believe that is the case with me. I believe, as a person, and as a man, nobody in the other tribe can beat me arm wrestling. You know, I beat most men. I love to find a sucker, some guy that’s built with great big muscles, who looks at me and, uh, he thinks he can beat me.
8. Cochran (2/7): Phillip challenged me to an arm wrestling match. He naturally was able to beat me quickly. Then to up the ante and also to build up his ego a little, he'll demand that I actually basically put all my weight on his one hand. I put a significant portion of my weight on his forearm and he managed to keep it off the ground. And if the smile on Phillip's face after that, I think he felt like the old Phillip… or the young Phillip.
9. Phillip (4/9): In challenges, my asset is my will of a lion and my determination of a gorilla. I may be old but I still have game.
10. Dawn (1/2): Phillip has just put himself in this role that he's the leader and he's just extremely, gosh, arrogant sounds so mean but, I mean, that's what it is. He sees all of his strengths and none of his weaknesses.
11. Andrea (1/1): Winning the reward was a great way to bond with the Fans and, you know, they haven't won a reward yet. So it was nice to see them enjoying a reward with us, bonding with them as people. And I want to get as close to them as possible before, you know, I vote them out so they remember the good times and still vote for me in the end.
12. Reynold (1/2): Like, I just feel-- I just feel great. I mean, I'm a-- I’m a bacchanalian, you know? Life is meant to indulge in-in glorious abundance. So, uh, this, uh, reward is-is right in my sweet spot, no pun intended. (laughs) Winning a reward like this helps to solidify bonds between people within a tribe. And especially, the most important is, you know, getting these bonds going with the Favorites.
13. Malcolm (1/3): You know, with new Gota, everyone on the surface is just smiling. All we do is win challenges and party. It's just one big, you know, happy family, really. But at the same time, there's a game going on, and when it comes down to it, I know I'm going to be in trouble when it comes merge time, no one wants to go to the end with me. Not that I blame them but I have to make my move soon. So I'm keeping a smile on but at the same time, I’m getting my pieces ready to take control of this game.
14. Corinne (3/5): We just lost a Reward Challenge and I'm going to blame the whole thing on Phillip and Phillip can take the fall for this. You tubby lunchbox! I have yet to see an ab on you. I don't see any pectoral muscles. I mean, he's a-a-a-- an amoeba. He's a-- he’s a loose ten pounds of potatoes in a five-pound sack. I mean, he's just a mess. But everyone else sees his true colors and, like, he blows the next challenge for us, maybe we take him out.
15. Cochran (3/7): Phillip and Corinne hate each other. There's so much fracture and division within the Favorites on this tribe, it's like a death sentence. I mean, something is going to happen at one point or another. I'm going to be pushing that we certainly vote off a Fan, which is not even a certainty at this point because Michael actually seems capable of wheeling and dealing. He’s already gotten very, very close with Corinne. Julia, on the other hand, is such a nonentity out here. I'm tempted to say that she has, like, a vanilla personality, but I feel like that would be doing a great disservice to the flavor vanilla. Like, people actively seek out vanilla-flavored products. Children clamor to get a vanilla ice cream cone. Nobody is clamoring for anything Julia-flavored, except for Phillip. Phillip has grown very, very close to Julia and I'm not really exactly sure why.
16. Phillip (5/9): I think I've done a very good job with Julia and I think I've got my first double agent. I share with her some information and I told her don't share it with anyone else. If she feels she's in trouble, she’s supposed to let me know and I'll do everything in my power to make sure she stays in the game.
17. Julia (1/1): What's interesting with Phillip is that I don't find him to be an intimidating character at all. But when he's like, “I will tell you to do this and you will do it,” I understand that at this point if I have any hope of staying in the game that's what I have to do. But it comes a point when he's going to really destruct the unity of the tribe, I feel, by driving everyone crazy so, you know, why not get rid of him?
18. Malcolm (2/3): When people have the same problem, it's easy to bring them together. And the four alpha males in this game -- being myself, Reynold, Eddie and Erik-- are going to have a big problem come merge time. The athletic guys are going to get targeted and they’re gonna get knocked out of the game. What I need to do is kind of spearhead having these four guys join forces.
19. Reynold (2/2): In a game where you cannot trust anybody, it's hard to tell. You really still have to kind of rely on your instincts. And Malcolm just strikes me as the type of guy that is like me, and he sees that I can help him and he can definitely help me. So this one feels right and this will be the one that is the nail in the coffin for me if I'm wrong.
20. Malcolm (3/3): If I didn't completely trust Reynold after selling him on this idea, I trust him now because he's gone so over the top unnecessarily to prove his loyalty that he's told me about his idol. I've had an idol since Day 4. I wouldn't offer to do that for some stranger who just came to me, so with this information, I'm the only one in the game who knows where both idols are and, uh, I can't wait to see the look on some people's faces when I, uh, take control of this game. God, I can’t wait. God!
21. Dawn (2/2): Julia approached me and just said, "Phillip really wants me to work with him. I'm okay working under him if that keeps me in the game." Based on the time I've spent with Julia, she wasn't seeming very aware of the game and so it is actually helpful to know she's thinking more than we thought she was.
22. Phillip (6/9): Julia, originally I wanted her here. I really did. But she's managed to commit several faux pas in terms of Survivor play. I gave her a piece of information and I said, "You're not to go to anyone else for validation." Of course, she went to Dawn and Dawn, of course, came to me and told me that and Julia won't know until she's walking down that aisle with her torch out.
23. Cochran (4/7): So when we got back to camp, spirits were understandably a little bit low. We just lost and Phillip he was kind of was sulking around, eyeing out everybody and then he quickly and very covertly pulled me aside and whispered very intensely… And, you know, my mind starts racing instantly. Has he done something around camp? Is he going to betray Corinne tonight? What could it possibly be?
24. Phillip (7/9): I love what Jeff had in store for us today for the challenge. You know, it was an Immunity Challenge. We were close in the challenge, probably could have won that challenge… had I wanted to.
25. Cochran (5/7): It all makes sense! We had to throw the challenge in order to get rid of one of these Fans or else we were doomed. And that's the only reason why Phillip was unable to successfully throw a grappling hook. I mean, it's complete crap. You can't make up this level of delusion and that's what excites me about playing with Phillip. I think he's actually, at this point, convinced that he threw the challenge. He wasn't throwing the challenge, he was trying his hardest, he was in full spy mode. Can you imagine the speech he would have given back at camp had he successfully thrown a grappling hook, the spy's basic tool, at a challenge and won the challenge for us? It's just… (chuckles) it's-it’s absurd!
26. Cochran (6/7): The numbers within this current tribe are four Favorites and two Fans. That numbers advantage means that the four of us can split our votes across the two remaining Fans, flush out any possible idols and on the revote we can get rid of Julia.
27. Corinne (4/5): I don't like the idea of splitting votes because, to me, I know I want to send Julia home, I know there's no idol because I have the idol with Malcolm, and I don't want to go into a merge having Michael second guessing what's going on. That’s just bad business and I don't know why I can't convince the rest of the alliance of that.
28. Phillip (8/9): Corinne, who's in love with Michael, seems to have this notion that, “No, no, no, no, no, no, it has to be a show of unity. I don’t want him thinking that we are not 100% behind him.” I'm not an idiot. I do see it and I see her putting her selfish interests above the Favorites.
29. Phillip (9/9): I played with the smartest player that I've ever had an opportunity to play with, Boston Rob. And I know exactly what B.R. would do in this situation. What B.R. would do is he’d say, “Okay, Corinne, we vote Michael out the game.”
30. Corinne (5/5): Phillip is beyond awful. Like, if this was the real world, I would kick his ass. But for me, it's a waiting game until I get to hold up that parchment and go, “This is what Boston Rob would have done.”
31. Cochran (7/7): Phillip wants to vote off Michael. I don't know if this is the plan that’s set in stone but it's clearly has nothing to do with Julia or with Michael. It's masking something that's about to come to the surface and tonight's vote will probably be what sets into motion a series of events that completely bring this Phillip/Corinne feud to the surface and make it clear why they can't play together.
1. Corinne (1/7): Tribal was this whole rigmarole of splitting votes, but obviously I did my job. I made sure Michael stayed. I made sure I got the gay. You know, it was beautiful. And so Michael's mine. All of a sudden, Phillip pulls Dawn and I aside like an A.D.D. kid. He can't wait, he's got something he’s got to say.
2. Corinne (2/7): There was no point in saying, "Phillip, I know you didn't throw the challenge." Like, just like I would say to a normal person, like, "You're kidding, right? Like, you didn't throw the challenge.” Like, that is the biggest joke of the year.
3. Corinne (3/7): At the challenge? That's convenient! That's around the same time that you blew the challenge. It's times like these where you're like, yes, he's a very loyal alliance member but he's so cuckoo for cocoa puffs that there's no question Phillip has to go.
4. Dawn (1/3): It's Day 20 and we're anticipating a merge some time soon. I tried really hard to play this time like it's a brand new game but this is about the point when I played last time, the game fell apart for me. And really within a two-day time period, Cochran had flipped and everything changed.
5. Dawn (2/3): It is kind of funny that I cry so much. But it's almost impossible not to cry when I think what a million dollars can do for my family. I have six children. I mean, that's college. That-- that's life changing for their future. There's so much on the line. I want to make sure I don't sit back. Last time I let my game go to heck. I let Cochran flip. I didn't tell anyone. I didn't change, like, the outcome for me. Like, you need to be a decision maker in this game. You can't let the game happen to you. You have to be the one that makes the decisions. Those are the people that win.
6. Erik (1/2): I don't know what's going on, but something awesome is about to happen. These cool dudes in their Vincent boat just pulled up.
7. Andrea (1/4): The note says a new home so we're thinking merge time, baby! I'm ready to get back with the old Favorites, Phillip, Cochran, Dawn. I haven't seen them in a while. And now that it's an individual game, I have to worry about everybody. It's exciting but I have to be on my toes.
8. Cochran (1/7): Seeing the boat coming and that the merge had arrived is always the part of the game that I'm most excited about.
9. Corinne (4/7): It was like an awesome moment to know that you've actually made the merge and all these people that you haven't met thus far are going to be injected into game with you, which is kind of nice because you're really sick of talking to the same people over and over again.
10. Reynold (1/4): I didn't know what kind of welcoming we were going to receive but it was like everybody ran on the beach. It felt like friends, you know? It's ironic, because we've been so at each other's throats, Fans versus Favorites, but they gave a nice warm welcome.
11. Michael (1/1): The first thing we do, of course, is go right for the food. So the food goes down, and Dawn goes into mom mode and starts making sandwiches, cutting the cheese. Uh, literally, cutting the cheese.
12. Malcolm (1/4): The fact of the matter is I just wanted to name the tribe after my mom. Her name is Madeline. Enil Edam is Madeline backwards. And, uh, I just wanted to give her a little shout out.
13. Corinne (5/7): So it's Enil Adam-- I might be butchering that. This is the dumbest name ever, and it has too many syllables.
14. Andrea (2/4): To me, personally, this first vote… it's not a huge deal. I mean, there's eight Favorites and four Fans, so I feel secure in my alliance and my alliance within an alliance, but it's just a lot scarier now because it's individual and people start getting hungrier and they want to start making moves and this is the time. It’s like, this is when people start scrambling, and in scrambles, anything can happen.
15. Malcolm (2/4): I haven't liked this passive plodding along game I've been playing with the Favorites. And, uh, I've been looking to make my move. We have a very fragile six-person alliance at this point, and there’s twelve people left in this game. That's not a clear-cut majority. If we can get through one vote and keep our numbers intact, then we have the ultimate power to do whatever we want.
16. Corinne (6/7): The most amazing thing about Malcolm is that in a five-minute download we can get on entirely the same page. He's like, “I’ve got Reynold and Eddie in my pocket. I’ve got Erik in my pocket. Do you have Michael?,” and I was like, “Yup, Michael is mine.” So… Oh, my God. Like, thank God for Malcolm. We're going to vote together on the first vote and then we’re going to blindside the Favorites. I've yet to, like, really be involved in a blindside. It's time… blindside time.
17. Reynold (2/4): Tree Mail comes and what is it? My one weakness: eating disgusting stuff. It is going to be a true test, and I guess it's fitting. The time I need it the most, personal immunity, it's going to be the thing that's hardest for me.
18. Cochran (2/7): Eddie was worried that this might damage his dating prospects, that he’s gonna be viewed as somebody that’s partaken in something very gross, and, uh, you know, potentially alienating women. For me, you know, I need some sort of imagery rehabilitation. I think this would add a little bit of a wild streak to me and might make me seem a little bit more dangerous. I think this is exactly what my love life needs.
19. Cochran (3/7): Today's Immunity Challenge, it was a true Survivor classic and the fact that I got to the final round, and that the final round was between me, this little pipsqueak, and Malcolm, the golden god of this tribe. And the fact that I won is dream fulfillment. The fact that I was kind of over-the-top, somewhat obnoxious victory celebration because I know this moment probably isn't going to happen again. Any other individual having that sort of display of basically bad sportsmanship, it would have rubbed them the wrong way, but somehow, everybody seemed happy for me.
20. Malcolm (3/4): Cochran, of all people, won immunity today. And I'm happy for him. You know, I like Cochran, but since, you know, I don’t plan on keeping him around that long I'm glad we got this out of the way early so he can, you know, check one off the bucket list. (chuckles)
21. Malcolm (4/4): I feel like I've got all my troops in line but the situation is very fluid and the only certainty is that we are going to Tribal Council. There’s a lot of independent, you know, freethinkers out here. They're going to have to fall into line if this thing is going to work. Luckily, Corinne is in my corner, and she's definitely a fighter.
22. Corinne (7/7): I expected this was going to happen. Phillip is talking about splitting votes and flushing the idol out but I want to avoid that at all cost because I am going to need Reynold and Eddie if I'm going to take control of this game and I don't want them freaking out. I was furious that he wouldn't even listen to what I had to say and just his utter disregard for anyone else's feelings, and that was it. That was like, if I wasn't already going to turn, that sealed my fate.
23. Cochran (4/7): Corinne is adamant that we not target Reynold and Eddie, which I don't fully understand, but if Sherri goes, you know, no sweat off my back. Sherri is an easy vote and, you know, her elimination would lock the Favorites numbers in a way that would be irreversible. What doesn't bode well is the fact that Corinne and Phillip hate each other and they have a suspicion of each other that’s unhealthy and if the Favorites don't come together, that’s basically admitting to the world, Fans included, that we're a dysfunctional group that doesn't completely trust each other, there are openings for them to enter, and that we're apt to fall apart, given, you know, the right catalyst.
24. Reynold (3/4): I've hitched my wagon to this Malcolm and Corinne counter-alliance and they're receptive to the idea of bringing some of the Fans in and then, like, overthrowing the, uh-- the tyranny of lord Phillip of the high shelter. And I'm just like, “This is amazing!”
25. Reynold (4/4): Obviously, Eddie and I have been delusionally optimistic through the entire game. But, uh, if this vote go as planned, Sherri goes home, I’ll finally be in an alliance that's calling the shots, and I'm definitely back in business.
26. Dawn (3/3): Corinne’s suggesting that I join with them and break up the alliance of the Favorites, and I'm thinking, “Okay, here we go again.” Last time I played I came into this kind of information, and I didn't share it with anybody, and that was my downfall last time. So I can't repeat that same mistake.
27. Cochran (5/7): Dawn just approached me very frantic saying that Corinne let it be known that apparently she’s rallied this group of troops together that gives her the numbers and gives her post-merge control of the game.
28. Cochran (6/7): Corinne, who I thought didn't have a strategic bone in her body, she's positioned herself in a way that we have been basically acquiescing to every single demand she's made. So it's a sobering situation, and if we don't come up with a plan, it could be devastating to my game and the games of my allies.
29. Andrea (3/4): Everyone was on board with voting Sherri out, and then I heard that Corinne is talking about possibly flipping, and if she can pull all these people, then we're all screwed. So she's dangerous.
30. Andrea (4/4): It's ridiculous to think that I'm counting on Sherri, who is one of the Fans, and even Erik, of all people. He's the huge question mark because he hasn't talked strategy to anybody which makes me nervous because I have no idea what he's thinking.
31. Phillip (1/1): My core alliance came through in a big way. Corinne, she's running around telling everybody she's got a coalition out to vote who? The Specialist, out of the game. Me, Phillip Sheppard. How dare her try to get me out of the game? I'm the one who originally brought her into Stealth R Us, and I will not allow Corinne to take control of this game.
32. Sherri (1/1): Phillip came up to me and said, "If you want to go further in this game, you need to vote out Corinne and come with us." So I'm fighting hard to stay in this game, and I'm willing to make a really big move. The problem is I can't stand Phillip. He's so arrogant.
33. Cochran (7/7): You know, it's disconcerting that my fate in this game right now rests in the hands of somebody like Sherri who’s just desperate for some sort of footing in this game. And you have Erik, the ice cream scooper, a guy who doesn’t like strategy and somebody who’s basically proven himself previously to be incompetent at playing this game.
34. Erik (2/2): Malcolm came up to me and goes, "Vote for Sherri." But Andrea said, “Vote out Corinne.” I have no idea what's going on but I feel like I'm the swing vote. So I'm suddenly becoming a very valuable player, which is so cool. I just wish I knew what I was going to do.
1. Reynold (1/5): At last night's Tribal Council, Corinne gets voted out. And I look at last night as a victory. Even though we had this counter-alliance forming, and Corinne was a-a big part of our counter-alliance, at the end of the day, a Favorite goes home and it's not me.
2. Reynold (2/5): I'm really at a point where I have nothing to lose. I am ironclad with my guys, with Eddie and Malcolm. They know that we're unwaveringly trustful to each other. So it's just, like, you know what? I have an idol, I'm here, we're all sitting around, I'm going to play this game.
3. Malcolm (1/6): With Corinne out of the game, I've lost my closest ally. Flip side of that is now I'm the only one who knows about my idol. I still have the only idol that nobody else knows about in this game. I think I've still got the Fans. Mike, Eddie and Reynold will still go along with anything I say. So I took a hit last night but, uh, you know, I'm still alive. They thought they'd cut off the head of the snake. They thought they killed the rebel leader, I guess. Uh, they don't know they missed yet.
4. Phillip (1/2): Each one of the Fans needs to understand if you don't do what we ask you to, you will go home. Sherri is with us in terms of what her voting will be and so Mike will go home.
5. Sherri (1/1): Besides the game of Survivor, I have another game to play. I have to play The Specialist game. There's fake organizations, there's secret alliances, it's all crazy. (laughs) They're all crazy out here. I am wholeheartedly in with the Favorites and I am great with big personalities. I had no problem with Shamar, I can handle a Shamar. Phillip is my Shamar on this tribe. You give me two more votes and I will be calling shots with Phillip and he'll be coming to me asking me what I think and that's my plan.
6. Cochran (1/4): We get to the reward location and there's this brilliant waterfall forty or so feet tall, and we're going to have to rappel down it. I'm going to have to rappel down it. This is not something I do. I rarely leave my apartment, I rarely leave twitter and the fact that I'm going to be flung down some waterfall on a rope, I don't even know the mechanics of it. I have no idea what's going on.
7. Reynold (3/5): I've never rappelled in my life so I kind of threw caution to the wind and just tried to jump down the thing like James Bond. It actually worked out kind of well for me. Like, it felt kind of natural.
8. Cochran (2/4): I watched my tribemates go down the waterfall. It wasn't much consolation because I had no idea what they were doing, but I'm learning to embrace it. This is the same guy that was afraid to take off his shirt the last time I played Survivor. Now I'm flying down a waterfall after winning a challenge. It was fantastic. Still a little bit nerve-wracking. I kind of slid on some mossy rocks and bungled the, you know, the job a little bit but I loved it.
9. Reynold (4/5): There was a total post big win locker room guys mentality going on after this Reward Challenge. It's just simple and it's pure. Everything's gotten so complicated out here, I think it was a great reprieve for all of us.
10. Reynold (5/5): The pitch to Cochran was let's take the muscle to the end. Let's do this all guys alliance. Let's bro down, let’s get these scheming crazy girls that keep flirting with all of us out of here and let's just, like, take the strong guys to the end.
11. Cochran (3/4): Reynold, Eddie and Michael must not know me that well, if they think that emphasizing the testosterone unity between us and-- we're men, we're men and we hate women and we're going to, you know, slap each other with towels in the locker room and chug beers. That doesn't work with me. That doesn't appeal to me at all. I won't be engaging in any sort of masculine tomfoolery with these numbskulls.
12. Malcolm (2/6): We lose the reward-- saw it coming a mile away-- got over it pretty quick because while I didn't get to go on a reward, I was with the people I needed to be around. I need numbers and it's easiest to scoop up the people on the bottom and Sherri and Dawn seem like the most likely candidates to me.
13. Malcolm (3/6): The Favorites think they have eight people. They think it's the seven remaining Favorites and they've brought in Sherri for eight against three which would be Mike, uh, Reynold and Eddie. I'm going to take advantage of that because if they go with that and I can pull in a five-person alliance, that's enough to take over the game.
14. Dawn (1/3): Malcolm's come to me and said, “Here's how I want to vote. Here's who I'll work with. Do you want to come on board?” And I'm thinking, “He's going to be a problem.” It would be great if I could give him the impression I was voting with him and we could all just take him out.
15. Phillip (2/2): Malcolm has been trying to play double duty. He's been trying to play me as if he really is still part of the core alliance. Me, The Specialist. (scoffs) He's going to be thinking that we're voting for Reynolds and Eddie when, in fact, we're going to be voting for him.
16. Andrea (1/4): The days we have nothing to do, it's kind of nice to get away and I felt like I was a little kid sneaking out from my parent's house again when Eddie and I went to the lagoon. And Eddie is really hot, so, like, maybe we’re dating. I don’t know if this is island dating, I’m not sure. But the more I play out this possible Eddie relationship, the more likely he is to maybe vote for me in the end, or give me information.
17. Eddie (1/1): What's troubling to me is I don't think Andrea wants to vote me out. I think that she wants to keep me here. I think that she likes me and I think that she really does want to drag me along in this game and I just need to be dragged two or three more votes before I can get up on my own feet and start punching people.
18. Andrea (2/4): I mean, I don't know who goes out here and actually falls for someone. I mean, that's really rare. Like, normally, there's an element of you’re playing somebody. So I know I'm definitely playing Eddie but I'm trying to see if he is trying to play me.
19. Malcolm (4/6): This next vote has to be the turning point in the game that I've been waiting for. It's the last time that I definitely can't have the numbers on my side. I wait any longer, Reynold, Eddie, Mike, they are going to be gone. They're easy pickings for votes right now. The Favorites have to think I'm 100% with them or they're not going to split the vote. So I've sat on the bottom for 25 days and I'm finally going to make my move to get on top.
20. Malcolm (5/6): Ran off, had a chat with Andrea. She's the one calling the shots and I need to make sure that she thinks I'm on board with her plan. And by her trusting me with that plan means she doesn't suspect, uh, what's going on, what I have up my sleeve.
21. Andrea (3/4): Malcolm's a good liar. I mean, it's funny ‘cause, you know, I'm lying to him, he's lying to me. It’s just this whole-- the whole dynamic of it is pretty hilarious. And now he's trying to pull Dawn over and Dawn is really working it. Dawn is, like, the M.V.P. of the-- I don't know where this Dawn came from. New Dawn is-- she's good at this.
22. Malcolm (6/6): Andrea is the leader out here. As much as Phillip has bluster and as much as these guys are upset with him, he's not actually running things, he's kind of a joke. And when you're trying to stir the pot inside a rebellion, you don't try to kill, you know, the prince, you kill the person who’s actually running the show, which is Andrea.
23. Dawn (2/3): It's nuts! The fact that I'm coming back after Corinne's vote and Malcolm is still trusting me when I'm the person that gave the information on Corinne, tells me that he's not dialed in.
24. Dawn (3/3): I can't stand people that intimidate other people and I think Reynold is used to being in control and getting what he wants, but he did show me the idol, which is huge. I mean, now I have more information about how to vote and what to do. But, I mean, he looked over and said like, "If you burn me, you'll have hell to pay." And I feel like, “Shame on you, shouldn’t have shown me your idol. Shame on you, Malcolm, you shouldn’t have brought me in.”
25. Andrea (4/4): I'm going home tonight! This is, like… Malcolm's targeting me and now I just have to think of a way to… (sighs) there's an idol so I have to come up with a way to… change everything up and I don't-- ugh!
26. Cochran (4/4): Frankly, I was a little bit turned off that Andrea was so willing to abandon what I think was the smartest aggressive move in taking out Malcolm tonight. She's completely changed her mind. Now suddenly, we have to go for the safe vote which would be to vote out Michael because Michael, unlike anybody else, has proven, you know, time and time again in Tribal Council, not to have an idol.
1. Malcolm (1/4): Just about everything I tried to do went wrong. I tried to bring in the person I thought was on the bottom-- it was Dawn. Dawn was never with me. Dawn was never gonna be with me.
2. Malcolm (2/4): If there’s any silver lining, I still have an idol. I still got some power, just a little bit. It’s not a whole lot, but I’m not going down without some fireworks.
3. Dawn (1/6): (desperately) I have a retainer that has some teeth in the front that I had lost. I got hit and lost them. And I was in the water, and I opened my mouth to get a scoop of water and it came out, and I think it’s right there but I can’t see. I won’t go to the challenge. I’m not kidding. I’ll pull myself from the game. I’m not kidding. I’m going to pull myself if I don’t find it. I’m pulling myself.
4. Dawn (2/6): So thank goodness for Brenda. There is a lot of kindness, even when you’re playing a game that’s about one winner. So that’s a pretty good reminder right now.
5. Brenda (1/1): My heart just went out to her so much. And after that incident, I’m not going to turn my back on her… and vice versa.
6. Cochran (1/5): Reynold, Dawn, Erik, Phillip and I walked into our reward resort and we were greeted by a table filled to the brim with all sorts of shrimp kabobs, beef kabobs, fried chicken, calamari. There was more food than we could possibly eat. Apparently, protein is important in one’s diet, and this is the sort of energy I need to go-- to go into challenges and continue being the challenge monster I think I’ve proven myself to be.
7. Dawn (3/6): I realized I hadn’t turned a shower head on in 26 days. Just the smell of the soap was overpowering. I needed it. I’d been losing my marbles. And I think the thing that’s hardest for me to process about the game is that it makes you feel kind of schizophrenic, how quickly the emotions change.
8. Erik (1/1): Phillip’s etiquette is not the best. There’s a shower to wash off in, but Phillip dives into the pool and gets all this mud and rice and all this horrible dirtiness into the pool. That’s pretty much what Phillip has done this whole season, he just jumps in without care for anybody else, and he just does things on his own. I’m really sick of Phillip being around.
9. Dawn (4/6): I’m exhausted. I think I’ve probably slept two to four hours in the last three days. My brain has not rested, and so I’ve become nervous about how the next stage of the game is going to play out. I’m paranoid about being blindsided. You know, “Where am I on the seven? And are the people that I’ve been thinking are aligned with me really aligned with me?” Andrea has been spending most of her time with Malcolm and with Eddie. I mean, she’s so assimilated with them. And if Eddie, Reynold, and Malcolm were able to pull someone from our seven over, they could blindside me.
10. Phillip (1/2): I say to them, “Andrea would in fact be the first target,” but I might be looking at somebody else right now… Dawn! True Grit. I think that she’s totally a lunatic and she’s losing her composure out here.
11. Cochran (2/5): Dawn’s convinced that Andrea is going to flip over and vote her, Dawn out. How Dawn is so confident she’s the person that would be on the receiving end of this vote,um, is-is baffling to me. And it’s making me suspicious of Dawn, quite frankly.
12. Cochran (3/5): We had one who flew over the cuckoo's nest this game, Brandon Hantz, he’s gone. But it’s looking like there’s another, you know, possible hummingbird that’s zipping over the cuckoo’s nest, and her name is Dawn.
13. Dawn (5/6): Today is Day 28, the day I went home last time I played, but after all of yesterday, and my, you know, meltdown tornado, I woke up today feeling like myself. I feel like my head’s clear, the game isn’t overwhelming me. The game was overwhelming me and I really wasn’t in control. But today I feel good. I feel good about our alliance.
14. Cochran (4/5): Now that Dawn’s settled down, we were on the eve of another Tribal Council, Stealth R Us, being led by Phillip, decided it’d be good to kind of get our, you know, ducks in a row and say, “Okay, where-- who are we really voting off tonight?”
15. Cochran (5/5): We have seven people against their three. We’re going to split the vote because we can throw four votes to Reynold, and just in case he does play an idol or something goofy happens, we’ll throw the other three votes to Malcolm and flush out any possible idols. I don’t mean to get too confident but my alliance has the numbers and I couldn’t be happier.
16. Reynold (1/2): All these people are cutthroat. They want me out because I’m the biggest threat. I have the Immunity Necklace, I’m gonna do whatever I want.
17. Reynold (2/2): I have no respect for Phillip. I mean, when it boils down to it, he’s all talk, he’s no action. I mean, I think it’s sacrilegious to not even participate in a personal Immunity Challenge, especially if you have lions and gorillas tattooed on your body. Come on, man.
18. Phillip (2/2): I’m finally in the leadership position. I feel like I might-- I just might have a shot of getting to the final three. And if these people aren’t bitter, I might actually have a shot of winning. One of the beauties of being in numbers of seven to three, is that it doesn’t matter. You see, Malcolm can have an idol, and it would be four Malcolm, three Eddie, so one of those two are going to go home. Malcolm doesn’t have an idol so he’s sitting here… (whistles) and bye-bye!
19. Malcolm (3/4): My head’s in the guillotine right now, but the idea now is I have the idol. No matter what, you know, I play that thing, I’m not going home. But the idea is to get through this vote and still have the idol.
20. Malcolm (4/4): The possibility still exists that there’s another idol out there and I got a few hours, and I have nothing else to do, and no one else’s ass to kiss, so, uh, maybe this dream will come true.
21. Dawn (6/6): So after the challenge, Andrea is like, “Let’s go look for the idol,” and I say, “Absolutely,” ‘cause it’s time to work, people. I don’t know why people sit around so much at camp. There’s a million dollars.
22. Andrea (1/1): All of a sudden, Malcolm reaches into a rock, finds the Hidden Immunity Idol right in front of us. Malcolm was supposed to go home, but he found the Hidden Immunity Idol exactly when he needed to find it. So poor little Eddie has to go now.
23. Eddie (1/1): So Reynold is protected tonight, and he-he won immunity. And Malcolm has the Immunity Idol so now I’m double screwed because my only chance of staying here for another day was if they decided to vote off Malcolm instead of me. And now the entire camp knows he has the Hidden Immunity Idol. I’m going home.
1. Malcolm (1/9): With the execution of The Specialist, Phillip Sheppard, I think Stealth R Us, hopefully, is, uh, gonna fracture. If those six people stick together, I don't have a chance in this game. By knocking off their leader, maybe one or two are gonna fracture and come over to the dark side with me and the Three Amigos.
2. Erik (1/3): The stability has been rocked out of the game. Like, the legs have been kicked out under the chair of Stealth R Us and it opens me up to talking with people that Phillip didn't want me to talk to. The tricky part now is deciding when to vote with the three boys and when to vote with the remaining Favorites. And I enjoy that position because I can choose at the last minute which option is better for Erik.
3. Cochran (1/4): I've participated in, and certainly viewed hundreds of Tribal Councils. Never before have I seen anything quite like what happened last night at Tribal Council. It left me breathless, it left me terrified. Today has been a pretty rough day around camp. People are really hungry and, um, spirits have been low and it was driving everybody crazy.
4. Brenda (1/3): Huge surprises like last night's Tribal Council, stuff like that scares me because for the three guys to stay and then for us seven to look at each other and be like, one of us is going home, it-it-it-it threw a big thing in my plan. So losing control of the game, it's terrifying.
5. Brenda (2/3): It's just a little hard with the emotions, with the food situation, with the low energy, and with that uncertainty of what these boys are capable of.
6. Cochran (2/4): We saw there were nine envelopes sitting there and I know what that means as a Survivor fan. It means that the food auction is upon us.
7. Malcolm (2/9): We're going to an auction. Hallelujah, it couldn't have really come at a better time because there is a chance that there's going to be some sort of big advantage in the game offered up and, considering my position, I definitely have to consider not spending any money on food today. I hate the thought of it, but considering where I'm sitting right now, I need all the help I can get.
8. Malcolm (3/9): I've literally been prepping myself for hours, “You're not going to eat.” I might have just shot myself in the foot for this game for a beer and some nuts.
9. Malcolm (4/9): I got sixty seconds to read an idol clue. It was pretty much directions to where there's a buried Hidden Immunity Idol. So there's no way, without this clue, this idol is going to be found. It's gotta be somewhere towards the well and, uh, I need all the help I can get.
10. Dawn (1/1): Malcolm bought a clue which was most likely for where the location of the idol is and people are a little psyched out by last Tribal Council. Even though there's only three of them, maybe they're going to pull some crazy thing. And because they've got that arrogance, they can give a sense of “No matter what they do we'll outplay them, we'll outwit them. So go with us.”
11. Reynold (1/2): After the auction, we went from being absolutely morose to now, like, everyone's well fed, we have plenty of provisions to get through the rest of the game and my alliance has an idol clue. It's a 180 degree turn.
12. Brenda (3/3): (tearfully) "I'll give anything for a pizza! I'd give anything for a hamburger!" And then when this came out, it was like, that's it. That's all I want. There’s so much encouragement and so much love. This is all that mattered. This is why I'm out here. (holding letters from home) For these people. I'll do anything for them.
13. Cochran (3/4): (tearfully) I've been trying hard to play this, like, emotionless game this time, to just be this calm, cool, collected gamebot who just runs through strategy. Anyway, getting letters from home makes you realize there is life outside the game and things I value more than this game. And part of me is a little bit happy that I'm still the person who values family and love and, I guess, the things that are really important.
14. Sherri (1/3): At the auction, Malcolm bought the clue for a Hidden Immunity so everybody's paranoid because if they're constantly winning and they’ve got Hidden Immunity Idols, you start feeling they're unbeatable. So if you can't beat ‘em, you join ‘em.
15. Reynold (2/2): They still have us outnumbered six to three, but if we have Erik and Sherri, we are the majority. And then we want to knock out Cochran. If we knock out really strategic power players, that alliance is completely busted.
16. Malcolm (5/9): I'm still trying to stick around. Making it just a couple more days in this game can change the game. The idol clue said if you walk towards the water-- which I'm assuming means the well-- you have to look to your left and there's going to be a tree growing out of the rocks and somewhere around the base, six inches deep, is a buried Hidden Immunity Idol. So I've got a little bit of digging to do and hopefully I'm gonna have my third idol in this game. At this point, any power that I can get in my corner, uh, is going to be necessary to ensure I stick around.
17. Malcolm (6/9): Went over to start digging for the idol and, uh, got busted by Andrea. She saw me checking out a few other conspicuous rocks and large trees. It's a weird situation.
18. Andrea (1/2): This morning I woke up and Malcolm is already stirring and it's still dark and I followed him to the well and I find him digging at this tree and then I decided to just sit here because I know, like, if there's an idol, it's probably me going home because my name has come up already and so it was a showdown.
19. Malcolm (7/9): Andrea, she's a smart girl, she's not going to give me a second to dig. I’m sorry, feel like a bit of an idiot. Four hundred and eighty dollars down the drain. A million dollars down the drain, maybe.
20. Eddie (1/1): I need to win today really badly, but Cochran got a game advantage. But, uh, Cochran is by no means any type of physical threat whatsoever so I feel very optimistic.
21. Malcolm (8/9): Cochran's safe for another day so I'd like to think I've infused some sort of revolutionary spirit in some of these guys and that they're gonna finally realize that at nine, the three of us can be a lot of help to somebody trying to shake things up.
22. Cochran (4/4): I am the greatest challenge competitor in Survivor: Caramoan, there’s no debate. If you look at the scoreboard, I'm demolishing everybody. I've won half the individual Immunity Challenges. I'm the guy that was screamed at after every challenge last time I played because I'm such a freakin’ liability, because I suck in challenges, I'm weak. But now I am the biggest challenge threat in this game and I don't care if it makes me a threat. I'm just going to keep winning.
23. Malcolm (9/9): Idols drive you crazy out here. I found two without clues and now I can't find the one that I paid four hundred and eighty dollars for a clue to, and I can't go look for it because I'll just be hounded by the girls. They'll start digging around me, literally. Uh, I just got to bluff my way through this, basically. If the Favorites go a split vote, uh, that's the best-case scenario because I believe that we've got Sherri, and if I have Sherri and they split the vote, no matter how they play it, 3-3, we're good with four votes.
24. Sherri (2/3): I think I want to play with the muscleheads because I think the muscleheads are going to keep winning the challenges. But then I flip and I go, “But Cochran won one today. But Cochran won one because he had an advantage.” So I don’t know what I’m gonna do.
25. Erik (2/3): There are two alliances which are the three boys of Malcolm, Eddie and Reynold and then the five Favorites and Sherri on the other side. I need to know as much information as possible. So I have to keep playing both sides which I'm excited about, but at the same time, I'm terrified.
26. Erik (3/3): This is the biggest decision for me today. There's a fork in the road, you can't go back after this. I have to keep playing like I'm going both ways at the same time all the way up until the vote. All the way up until I know the name that I'm about to write down and it might even change at Tribal Council.
27. Andrea (2/2): If all goes as planned, my alliance is going to vote with me. But all it takes is one person to flip. It's hard! I mean, you know, putting your faith into these people that, you-you know, as much as I think that Erik's telling the truth, I don't know if he has a different agenda. Like, if he wants to come to this game and say, "I got fooled by a girl the first time, like, why don't I just flip with the guys?"
28. Sherri (3/3): The six Favorites, Three Amigos, neither side realizes this is my game right now. I'm the one calling the shots. They don't get it. I kind of want them to think that I don't realize I have this much power. As of this moment right now, I'm torn of who I'm going with.
1. Reynold (1/3): It's not the Three Amigos anymore. Malcolm's gone but the game is not over. At the end of the day, I'm still here. I'ma keep fighting.
2. Eddie (1/2): Since like day, pretty much 2, I have been playing with my back against the wall with Reynold. And we know we're on the chopping block every Tribal Council. However, we're still here. So, you know, just keep going. Keep rolling with the punches because you never know, anything can happen in this game.
3. Cochran (1/9): The Fans are desperate. They're cornered. They-they have no power. The power rests in the Favorites right now and I want to take away as much power and suck it up for myself as possible because I want to take control of the game, and I'll do it without remorse. I'll do it without any reservations. And it's scary that I'm saying that. I feel like I've turned into something that would scare my mother if she saw me. But I'm not the little Harvard nerd who was trembling in the bushes last time.
4. Erik (1/3): Tree Mail shocked me this morning. This game never stops. I mean, we woke up this morning, we're thinking, “Oh, man, I hope there's some cool reward today.” Nope, immunity. So now we have to beat Reynold and then we need to go to Tribal and vote him off because Reynold is a threat.
5. Reynold (2/3): I am number one on the hit list, no doubt about it. I have to win or I'm going home. It's as simple as that.
6. Cochran (2/9): It might have been a big mistake stepping out of the game, but I couldn't last that much longer. As long as one of us wins immunity, it’s fine. The goal is to keep it out of the hands of Reynold.
7. Brenda (1/3): It's exciting because Reynold and Eddie didn't win immunity, so we can split the votes. We're good. One of them is going home.
8. Reynold (3/3): It was a must win for personal immunity. Didn't get it. It's basically Reynold's eulogy right now, but if they're smart, boom, now is the time to strike and blindside someone who could really win this game. There’s a lot of things they could still do strategically. Unfortunately, I'm not the conductor right now.
9. Andrea (1/4): I thought that after Reynold dropped out, I'd say, “You know Brenda, you won the last immunity, could I just have this one?” But she stood on that perch for hours. She really proved that she's a big threat to me, so there is a huge part of me that regretted promising to share the note with Brenda. When I found out it was the clue to the Hidden Immunity Idol, at that point, you know, I don't want to be suspicious so I just told my whole alliance. The most important thing about today is that the idol is not in Reynold or Eddie's hands.
10. Cochran (3/9): Erik finds the idol, and I'm thinking fantastic. I can probably tell him what to do with the idol, he'll do it, and before I have a chance to start celebrating, he's already handing the idol over to Andrea. Does he learn nothing?!
11. Andrea (2/4): I really want to get Reynold out, but I'm still contemplating if we do throw a blindside in there because it will be a game changer and more of an endgame move to get out a strategic threat now while they don't see it coming. Some blindsides need to happen before it happens to me.
12. Cochran (4/9): I think today's Immunity Challenge and the fight demonstrated by players like Andrea and Brenda, marked possibly the beginning of the end for the alliance of six. There’s still these two easy votes in Reynold and Eddie. We can split the votes between the two of them, and one will be sent packing. And yet, we’re seeing the self-interested desires bubbling to the surface and people are playing for the endgame now to secure their own victory instead of a group victory.
13. Cochran (5/9): Andrea is a smart player, and Andrea, like me, is thinking well beyond the six, and it's Andrea's opinion that the right big move to make is to blindside Brenda. She can go on an immunity streak. She’s one of the more capable challenge competitors in this game, but this game is all about timing.
14. Dawn (1/1): This is the longest I've been in the game. To be this close, makes me feel like these decisions are going to be the really critical ones for me. The best thing for the alliance would be to have, probably, Eddie or Reynold go next. But it's definitely an option to blindside Brenda. The biggest obstacle for me is not having an opponent out here. The biggest obstacle for me has been my mind.
15. Andrea (3/4): Finally, Reynolds went home, which is a huge relief. And now we're at final seven. We didn't make the big move tonight, but now I'm thinking about what's next. And the obvious is why don’t we blindside somebody when they don't see it coming? And this is going to come down to who we decide is the bigger threat.
16. Cochran (6/9): I'm all about making big moves, and Andrea to her credit, is willing to make a big move, but it's a big move I don't agree with. Once again, she's talking about taking out Brenda, but also Dawn, who’s probably my closest ally in this game.
17. Brenda (2/3): Cochran told me that Andrea wants to blindside me or Dawn and that shows just how untrustworthy she is, and so now I want Andrea out of the game because she wants me out of the game.
18. Cochran (7/9): Andrea, I think, is one of the few remaining independent thinkers, and that's a dangerous thing, and the time to make a big move is rapidly approaching. So if Andrea doesn't win the next Immunity Challenge and she doesn't play the idol, she might be going home.
19. Erik (2/3): That challenge was right up my alley. I mean, I killed it, and won immunity. And this time around, I've learned from mistakes that I’ve made in the past. So this is not any kind of moral decision for me to make, whether or not to give it to someone else or keep it, this is a safety blanket that the can get me farther in this game.
20. Andrea (4/4): Brenda made my job tonight pretty easy by being a challenge threat. So I wanted Brenda out, I talked to everybody, and now she's going. And I feel bad for the kid because going back to my first season, I felt completely comfortable, and then, bam!, I was blindsided. So I know what it's like to be lied to. I have a Hidden Immunity Idol, I'm going to bring it to Tribal Council. If all of a sudden I feel paranoid, I would play it. But right now, it does seem like my ducks are in a row, and it's going to work out.
21. Eddie (2/2): I have been tricked, fooled, and pretty much every other adjective before every Tribal Council, but I feel a little bit differently tonight. Andrea told me that everybody is going to blindside Brenda and there’s really absolutely no reason to lie to me. They know I don't have a Hidden Immunity Idol, so for the first time in, you know, 33 days, I-I think I'm going to Tribal Council with, uh… with an idea of actually who we're voting for and who's going home.
22. Cochran (8/9): I haven't been able to mention Eddie's name for the past 10 days without Andrea saying, “No, Eddie is harmless. I control his vote. He’s fantastic, he’s great.” And now it all makes sense, she wants to go to the final three with him. Whether it's personal, whether it's strategic, I don't know, but the fact of the matter is, Eddie is moving up on Andrea's priority list so I'm worried that I'm going to be replaced by Eddie. I admire Andrea for having a game plan, but that plan doesn't include me. I want to be a part of everybody's plan, and if I'm not a part of your plan, Andrea, you're not going to be a part of mine.
23. Brenda (3/3): I know that Andrea wants to blindside me so this is a very tricky vote. It's like a leap of faith. Like, okay, I'm writing down Andrea and I hope I don't go home. So I'm in huge danger. But the plan's already been enacted, I just have to just let it ride.
24. Cochran (9/9): Once again, I have to trust Erik, the ice cream scooper, who gave up his idol and was promptly voted out, and that's scary.
25. Erik (3/3): Andrea came up to me and pretty much said she wants to take me all the way to the end. And I think I believe it, but I mean, I helped her get that Hidden Immunity Idol.  So I have an in with both alliances at this point. Both alliances think I'm on their side. But Cochran hasn't promised me final three, so if they split the vote, I could totally shake things up. The first time I played the game, I was pretty much at the mercy of what every-- anybody else wanted to do. This time around it's very different. I'm actually in control of the game it feels like, and I'm going to do whatever is best for me.
1. Eddie (1/2): Last Tribal Council, Andrea was the one who wound up going home, taking with her the Hidden Immunity Idol. All the chicks that I go after and try to hook up with get voted out. Unfortunately, now that she's gone, I almost feel like the doors have closed and, uh, I think I'm pretty much a sitting duck target for the next Tribal Council.
2. Cochran (1/7): I always thought, “I'm the little, worthless, scrawny, annoying twerp who's not good at challenges. Of course, everybody is going to go to the end with me!” But now I'm kind of taking a step back and looking at myself and thinking, "Wait, can I really get to the end of this game or do I have an expiration date that's, you know, rapidly approaching?”
3. Dawn (1/3): I woke up feeling really good about being locked with Cochran and Sherri but now I have, you know, Brenda and Erik saying, "We'll work with you at the end." And so I'm thinking, “Well, maybe that guarantees me final three if I go with them.” But then that breaks my agreement with Cochran and I'm knowing that they want to target him. The good thing here is that I have options and hopefully that means that I'm gonna take responsibility for it in the end and prove to people that I played a game that was worth a million dollars.
4. Erik (1/3): I should be happy today but I'm not. I should be really, really happy and content today but this has been one of the hardest days yet for whatever reason. I have to have food. I feel like I'm in prison right now. I feel like there's just so much time, it's stretched out. I-I feel like I'm trapped here and it's horrible. I mean, there's nothing to be talked about. There's nothing to be said. There's nothing to be done. I'm miserable here. This is the most beautiful prison I've ever been in in my life. These days are killing me. They're absolutely killing me.
5. Erik (2/3): To shake up the day I was thinking I'll climb a coconut tree to get coconuts ‘cause I'm super hungry and these coconuts have been laughing at me since, like, Day 3. As I'm climbing the tree I'm thinking, "You know what? You could fall out of this tree right now and break your leg and then you'll leave the game and you'll see more coconuts." No one would judge me and no one would say, "Hey, you know you tried your best, it was just an accident." But I'm trying to defeat myself at this point. Like, it's in my head and that scares the hell out of me because that's not what I want to to do.
6. Brenda (1/5): The one person I want to hug the most, I'm actually going to be able to hug out here-- my dad. He's the guy who told me, “Be humble,” and I've been doing that this whole game, you know?
7. Erik (3/3): My brother's video, I was at the end of my rope… I'm not there anymore. I'm right back in it. I'm ready to fight. It totally reinvigorated me. I mean, everything is turned around. I'm 100% now. I've not been here for this long to go home with nothing.
8. Cochran (2/7): Summer of 2000, I'm thirteen years old, sitting on the couch at home with my mom watching Survivor: Borneo. Over the next thirteen years, still been watching it, never missed an episode. You know, I’ve gone through my first kiss, puberty, uh, a little bit more than that and this is the culmination of thirteen years of loving this and loving this with somebody I love. And getting to share this night with somebody I love? Eh, you can't beat it.
9. Sherri (1/1): When my husband came around the corner at the challenge, it literally-- I got weak in the knees and it took my breath away. And then when I heard that Parker was here on the island it was like when I gave birth to him and they put him in my arms. I wanted that feeling again, to hold him.
10. Cochran (3/7): My dad's a neurologist, kind of a bookish guy. He's wearing sunglasses all of a sudden and he’s working the grill like an old pro. I think he’s putting kind of an act to look like a cool dude when he's anything but. I mean, he's basically me in forty years. I don't know if he's gone Hollywood or what's going on but he's flipping burgers and poking at hot dogs on a grill. Like, “Since when are we doing that, dad?!”
11. Dawn (2/3): (crying) I'm exhausted, I'm hungry. Like, it's just breaking me down. I feel like I'm beyond rational thinking. I'm just beat. I feel like Brenda earned all the good favor today because she's the one that gifted everybody. Somehow, I feel like I'm just lost. And the fact that I'm going to have to spend camp tonight with people who are full and they’re seeing their loved ones for the whole afternoon makes me want to spit!
12. Brenda (2/5): I'm praying that this was a wonderful thing. I'm praying that this was the right choice regardless of what my stomach is saying but Dawn doesn't feel the same. Dawn is devastated. Dawn is upset. Dawn is crying. Dawn is pissed off. Dawn is livid.
13. Brenda (3/5): Whenever you do anything big in this game, whether you save someone, whether you do something bad to someone, it's funny how it's always a double-edged sword. It can be amazing because they're like, "Okay, I'll never vote out Brenda because I owe her," or it could be, boom, downfall.
14. Cochran (4/7): At the time that Brenda made her decision to give up her reward and let the four other Survivors enjoy it, there was a sense, “Oh, my God, Brenda is fantastic. She is selfless. This is unbelievable. This is a game winning move.” That's actually what my mom whispered to me. She said, "Brenda is going to win this game." But the better and more likable and more untouchable Brenda seems, the more people are going to want to get her out ‘cause we're at that point in the game where likability is a liability and I know that better than anyone else and I think Brenda is going to be experiencing that soon if I have any say in it.
15. Eddie (2/2): Hands behind your back, it's going to be tough and you gotta be tenacious to get it done. I know that I've clearly been on the outs from the beginning. It's definitely my turn to go home tonight if I don't win.
16. Cochran (5/7): I'm not going to be jumping out of this challenge. I want to win it but if Eddie wins immunity, it's going to be a pretty stressful day at camp.
17. Brenda (4/5): I never, ever want to be that person that jumps into the water, that gives up immunity. If that was Eddie up there, I would have hung on a lot longer. But someone as paranoid as Dawn, gotta keep her happy, jumped in the water. It-it was all good.
18. Brenda (5/5): The whole challenge today was to make sure that Eddie didn't win immunity. And as soon as Eddie dropped in the water it was like glee all over my face. I mean, I have to work on that because I felt bad showing how happy I was. I think that it's a straightforward vote tonight. Eddie's going home, and after Eddie, the plan is to take out Cochran. In my head, I just-- it's the perfect plan if we can just stick to it, everything will go amazing.
19. Cochran (6/7): If I had my pick between Eddie and Brenda, personally, I'd like to have Brenda go. I think it's a great move that benefits me and actually even indirectly benefits Dawn and Sherri. But I'm thinking, “Okay, the problem with that is that everybody is so gung-ho about getting Eddie out.” I mean, it's a foregone conclusion when we got back to camp, so I thought, “This is going to be a pretty hard sell.”
20. Cochran (7/7): It is the perfect move ‘cause tonight is the perfect night to make it. If Brenda had one more day in this game, she could upset everything. There are only a few days left. She could go on a winning streak. She would win at the Final Tribal Council. I'm making sure that doesn't happen.
21. Dawn (3/3): Originally I thought, vote out Eddie, but there is a part of me that feels, like, Brenda is the biggest strategic threat in this game to actually win it. And my approach all along has been to take out the biggest strategic threat. And I know she doesn't have immunity, and I know she's not expecting it, and I know it’ll only take three votes to get her to go home tonight. But I feel like maybe I'm a little bit swayed by Cochran's emotion, and last time I left my game a little bit in his hands and he controlled it and I went home before him and I don't want to do that this time. I'm really confused.
1. Dawn (1/10): As Brenda left Tribal Council, I looked at Erik and it looked to me like he was actually holding his head. So I thought, “He’s done by the vote,” because he wasn’t aware of it.
2. Cochran (1/10): When I looked at Erik, I saw somebody that was very dazed and looked disoriented and just kind of out of it. He was swirling his hands around his head. And I feel bad for him. I know he is a super fan like I am.
3. Dawn (2/10): It turns out, as we were leaving Tribal Council, Erik had fainting or dizzy spells and Jeff immediately came up and that’s when I realized this is serious. It’s not a matter of, “Hey, Erik just needs some breathing space.”
4. Eddie (1/6): Erik’s gone. There’s four of us now. This opens the door hugely for me to kind of sneak myself in there and make a major play for this win. Tonight I thought I was going home and I feel like I could win this million-dollar prize. This definitely could be my game for the taking.
5. Dawn (3/10): Tribal Council was tough. We voted out Brenda. And then to have Erik leave, we’re saying, “Gosh, that was kind of heavy.” It-- it’s a reminder of how unpredictable the game is. But I’m still in it, and not only was it a one in five chance, now it’s a one in four chance at a million.
6. Cochran (2/10): We all get back to camp, kind of exchange a few sad pleasantries about the state of affairs, and I’m already thinking about the game. A little bit more pumped than ever that now I’m in the final four. And my first thought is, “I have to be the first person to get to Eddie.” Eddie is somebody that I haven’t really bonded with that closely but I need to get into his good graces since he’s probably the guy most likely to win the next Immunity Challenge and therefore to be in a position of power to determine who goes to the final three.
7. Eddie (2/6): Going to the end now, it’s two Fans, two Favorites. For the way I’ve been trying to make it go is we vote out Dawn next, Sherri comes in third, Cochran comes in second and I come in first and I win the million-dollar prize.
8. Dawn (4/10): Right now, most everyone’s heads are still kind of swirling. Everyone is still a little unsettled this morning and I wanted to appreciate that I got myself to here and it’s almost the end. It’s Day 37. It’s a big deal, especially for someone like me who’s played before and really made zero strategic moves. I woke up this morning and thought, “You made all these decisions and you got yourself to final four and all you have to do now is play your guts out at the challenges.” It’s almost all you can do to keep it together.
9. Eddie (3/6): I thought it was going to be just a regular Reward Challenge, probably get something great to eat, but it’s an advantage in the final four. That’s huge in this game.
10. Dawn (5/10): Cochran won so I’m trying to keep perspective but I keep thinking, “You’re not guaranteed anything.” So really, what it’s going to come down to is who wins immunity. You know, if you don’t win immunity yourself, you’re immediately on the chopping block.
11. Cochran (3/10): My great challenge streak, which was temporarily on hold, has come roaring back. Uh, I stacked a house of cards better than any of my opponents and won not only, you know, the-the thrill of being another victor in another challenge, but an advantage in the upcoming Final Immunity Challenge. So I am the challenge beast. This could be a million dollar advantage. So winning the advantage was huge. Not only because it-it potentially could help me but because I kept it out of the hands of some people I don’t want to have had it. I was scared that Eddie might get the advantage. I also in particular didn't want Dawn to have it in case I decided I want her to go instead is. So it’s in the right hands, it’s in capable hands and I’ll see what happens.
12. Sherri (1/4): If it’s a final three, I would want to sit next to Cochran and Eddie. Dawn has played the sympathy card in this game like no other. The whole mother, and six children, and adoption, and crying, and all that stuff that would help Dawn win the game. Hello! Yeah, I’m not sitting next to that. She’s too powerful. Um-um.
13. Cochran (4/10): Every day, I get to see a new freakout from Dawn. There’s the over the top weeping, sobbing, flailing of arms, asked to be left alone. Unfortunately today, Dawn was leaning more towards the-the catatonic breakdown. And a lot of it had to do with the sudden influx of paranoia that she’s having that, “What if Eddie and Sherri take her out?”
14. Dawn (6/10): The longer that I’m out here, the harder it’s been for me just mentally to stay positive and to not be paranoid. I mean, every day for me, there’s some moment where I’m exhausted and I’m like… (baby cries) I’m like a baby stomping my feet.
15. Cochran (5/10): Dawn feels like she automatically deserves a fast pass to the finals. Why, exactly? I don’t know. Every day is a rollercoaster with her and it’s not fun, it’s not funny. On Day 37, she should be paranoid ‘cause I am considering ditching her.
16. Cochran (6/10): So we received Tree Mail today, uh, letting us know that today is the day of our Final Immunity Challenge. But in addition to that, is the famous Survivor Rites of Passage. Something that I’ve been actually really looking forward to, hoping that I’d get to see this moment in the game. Uh, it’s kind of a nostalgic moment where you get to reflect on the past 38 days and look forward to the day ahead of us.
17. Sherri (2/4): The Rites of Passage. God, this is, like, a dream come true. You know you’re at the end when you are saying goodbye to all the tribe members. It’s awesome.
18. Eddie (4/6): Judging by the last advantage, Cochran is going to be, you know, two steps ahead of everybody going into the last challenge. So I am a little nervous about that. But, uh, if it’s physical, you can guarantee me I will-- I will knock anybody out of my way to win this challenge tonight. I’m not going to give up on anything.
19. Dawn (7/10): Cochran has the advantage because he won the Reward Challenge yesterday. So if he wins immunity, I hope Cochran remembers that we’re still trusting each other and saying let’s stay locked and let’s try to get us both to the end.
20. Cochran (7/10): It couldn’t have gone any better. And I’m actually in a position of power. I mean, Sherri wants to work with me, Eddie wants to work with me, and Dawn wants to work with me. And I have my, you know, pick of the litter. So there-- there’s a little devil in my shoulder saying, “Man, I just want to get rid of Dawn.”
21. Cochran (8/10): I, Cochran, have won four individual challenges. So right now I’m thinking, “Okay, I got the million.” You know, the big question now is who deserves a hundred thousand dollars in second place? It’s not going to be Sherri. Sherri might be able to squeak out one vote but she’s not going to get enough to get second place. So now it’s about, do I want to bring Dawn and her constant emotional outbursts or Eddie, a chauvinistic twenty-three year-old idiot? The battle for second place is a really heated one and I can’t wait to see what happens. It’s so lonely at the top. (chuckles) It’s just horrible stuff for me to be saying when I, of course, lose.
22. Dawn (8/10): I do fully trust Cochran and I feel like I’m my own worst enemy that I’m, like, beating myself up if I don’t make the next step. There is a part of me that doesn’t feel like I deserve to do good.
23. Eddie (5/6): I knew it was gonna be me or Dawn today. Whoever didn’t win immunity was gonna be on the chopping block. I really do think I have the best chance of winning this if I can get myself into the final three. So I am trying to, you know, convince Cochran on a logical level, not an emotional sense and not in a bullying sense, into bringing me to the final three.
24. Eddie (6/6): I’m trying to reason with Cochran a little bit and trying to get him to take me,  because if I do win the million dollar prize, I want to open, like, uh… like, a dog, kind of like, shelter, kennel, play pen area, like, attached to a bar, so… Like, those are my two favorite things. I like dogs and I like bars. So, if I could open a bar and, like, you just bring your dog there that’d be unbelievable.
25. Cochran (9/10): I have to figure out who is less of a threat in terms of me being able to bring home the million dollars and the title. I know Sherri’s gonna go to the end, and I can beat her. The bigger question mark is can I beat Eddie or can I beat Dawn? They’re both people that bring a lot of pros and cons to the table. I hope I don’t kick myself over this decision.
26. Sherri (3/4): Oh, God, my husband’s gonna be so proud of me sitting in the final three. He told me this game was made for me. He told me all along that he believed in me so much. That’s why I’m sitting here. I had a goal coming into this that I wasn’t going to take nothing below final three.
27. Sherri (4/4): My selling point for why I deserve to win, is because I came in as a fan, I came in as an underdog. I didn’t have the advantage. I didn’t know how to make a shelter, how to survive. I did all that. I was adaptable. I was flexible. I got an alliance. I ran the alliance. That’s why I’m still sitting here.
28. Dawn (9/10): My alliance was Cochran in the game, but my alliance was really my family at home. There was never a day I wasn’t loyal to my family. When I leave Tribal Council tonight, no matter what happens, I’m changed. I accomplished a goal of getting to the end of this game, something that was a dream and I’ve learned so much about myself. And I learned that I can actually play this game well. And I’m proud of that because no one else made these decisions but me this time.
29. Dawn (10/10): Cochran and I played Survivor for 67 days together. The fact that it’s Cochran and I together, and Cochran and I at the end of this is just-- I feel like it’s a storybook ending. But it-- it’s still game on in my mind and I’m confident that I can beat Sherri or Cochran.
30. Cochran (10/10): The first time, uh, in 39 days I really felt frazzled is today. I have written a prize-winning paper at Harvard Law School on the Survivor jury system. There’s a big difference between writing a paper and living out the reality, and I’m grappling with that dichotomy right now. Law school hasn’t prepared me for this. You’d think it would! Sorry Harvard, you haven’t really taught me that much about how to address a jury. Um, but I’m gonna learn my lesson tonight, I think. When everything start looking good for me, I suddenly start expecting the worst and preparing myself for the worst. Am I going to be able to get on to Survivor which I’ve been dreaming of doing for half my life? No, I’m a loser, they’re never going to want somebody like me. And I get on! And I get to return as a favorite! Uh, and, you know, this endgame scenario is no different. I feel like I played a great game. I’ve gotten to the end. This is my game to lose, but all of a sudden, these doubts are plaguing my mind. I’m just kind of this awkward geek who hasn’t really done anything. I know I have done stuff and I know I can express myself, but this doubt just creeps in, or seeps in. And it’s-- it’s not healthy, especially when I have to be pleading my case and showing that I’m confident in the game I played. But when I’m not feeling confident in myself, it’s hard to do.
