1. Kim J (1/1): There were three jugs of water, and we took two of them and dumped them out because they were just too heavy to carry. We would have had to sacrifice the canned goods and a lot of the other things that we thought we couldn't replace. And we figured we ultimately would get a source of water.
2. Ethan (1/4): Diane was the one in charge of the map. I don't know if it was the best choice. But she seemed confident, which I would say was the first issue of our tribe was the map, uh... map problem.
3. Tom (1/3): I live on a farm and the first sheep jumps in a hole, the rest of them follow. And here we were following this blonde girl, zigzagging through the desert saying, “I think we're this way.”
4. Diane (1/1): I carry mail, so I just kind of went at my pace, which is probably faster than most people. And I got way out there and then ended up having to wait.
5. Frank (1/3): So how was the walk? I mean, did you feel it was comfortable, moving along, you know, at a good pace? Everything absolutely no.
6. Frank (2/3): Now we're back to, you know, “J.C. Penney's this is what I bought. Did you see that guy? Yeah, he's so cute. Oh, I'm having these problems at home.” Excuse me, Africa. You know, we're not down at the mall here, you know? Sitting outside with a... with a latte here or something. Let's just get moving along here.
7. Brandon (1/2): Frank is-is like a big strong ex-Army guy and when we were hiking, he was like a block away from us, just trooping on all by himself. And the rest of us are all in a pack back there. And he would, like, stop and wait for us and you could just tell he was really put out and... you know, “Socialize later. We can laugh later around the campfire.” And I'm just like, “Dude, we're not all like you.” I mean, it's like, no compassion at all for the rest of us, at all.
8. Lindsey (1/3): Seeing that Survivor flag, it's just not real until you're here. And seeing that flag, everyone just wanted to pass out, of course. You know, then Frank was all yelling at us to pick up the pace now that we saw the flag. And we're just dragging ourselves to get there, so...
9. Kim P (1/3): Well, Frank is just, like-- he was trying to hurry us along and that's not my style. I like to bond, I like to talk to people. This is also a time where I want to enjoy some of it. I don't want to... I'm not military. I don't... I don't need it in my life. I don't need all that structure, you know, I think we'll get stuff done without having, like, every single thing be a rule and every single thing be a single file. That's just not me.
10. Brandon (2/2): Well, right now, we have a really drastic water situation. We have no fire yet, and we broke three gourds on the way on the hike. So the gourds are very fragile. And we lost the cap on one of them. And apparently when you don't cap the water that's in the gourd, it turns into, like, turpentine. I mean, we've got to get water, like, in the next hour or we're just going to be so screwed.
11. Linda (1/1): This is really the mother continent for me. I don't know if this makes any sense, but Mother Africa, and I've been here before, I have tremendous respect. And when the tribe was joking about tamborunos or, you know, the tampons in Samburu, my reaction to that, inside I was thinking, “Oh, my God. That is so disrespectful. The Samburu people, you know, civilization, ages and ages ago. Do you realize where you... where you are? This is where it all started, folks, in Africa.”
12. Lindsey (2/3): The water is disgusting-- I'm terrified. It's sick-- I mean, I was filling it up, and I... it was so... (shows small distance with fingers) it was... is this deep. So all you get water mixed with crud.
13. Kim P (2/3): We're pulling water out of a very, like, murky... tadpoles are running all over it, like pond scum, kind of little, um, water hole. So the water is contaminated, and it has to be boiled for at least five minutes over a fire before we can drink it.
14. Frank (3/3): You have to have a fire. I mean, even the Masai tribesman said, “Without the fire, you can't live in this land.” Fire is not for warmth, what everyone would think of right away or for security right away, but the water has to be boiled three to five minutes. It has to be purified for us to drink.
15. Teresa (1/1): We thought we'd get a fire, faster than we, of course than we did. As hard as we were working, we just couldn't seem to get it. And then, of course, we were tired from the... from the long day. It was getting dark and we still kept trying and trying, even when it was dark, to try to get the fire going. That was, you know, a big frustration.
16. Jessie (1/1): I don't think anybody, unless they've been put in a situation like this, really know how much water your body really needs. I mean, I really need water right now. I really do-- I'm so dehydrated. It's... I'm hurting right now.
17. Lex (1/1): Without fire, you can't boil the water. Anybody knows that you don't just belly up to the stream that you're camping next to, drop your canteen in it and drink the water. If you don't boil your water out here, you end up with what they call amoebic dysentery, which basically has you puking and crapping your guts out.
18. Lindsey (3/3): Kim and somebody, I think Linda, just decided to open the medical kit to see what was in there, and you know, tampons and, you know, stuff that we need, and in the medical kit there just happened to be a-a telescope for us to, you know, watch out for animals.
19. Kim P (3/3): I don't know a lot about telescopes, but I know that a magnifying glass can start a fire. I had no idea whether or not that was a magnifying glass, but I unscrewed the telescope, pulled out the lens, and Silas was right there and I was like, “Silas, isn't there something we can do with this?”
20. Ethan (2/4): We open a can of cherries to get some sugar energy. And we also formed a circle, take a cherry, pass it... one cherry, pass it on.
21. Ethan (3/4): I was eyeing people just because I want my share... equal share of cherries. I mean, it's so silly. We're talking about cherries here 'cause we're starving, and I definitely, definitely saw Clarence take-take two cherries at one time and pass it around him. I mean, it's so tempting in there to take two. Everyone's got to take one cherry, pass it on. And I saw him take two, which is an issue.
22. Tom (2/3): When we was at that spring I said, “Do you know what? Something tells me we should have counted our food because Clarence loves them cherries.”
23. Ethan (4/4): Right now, Clarence is helping out Diane. She's sick, she's dehydrated and he might be sipping on our water or get everyone out of the camp, maybe he's eating our food. I don't know.
24. Tom (3/3): We get back to camp, Clarence comes to meet us 20 yards from camp. Right then, I smelled a little something. He didn't smell good. So when we got on that trail I sniffed a little bit more. Through talking to Diane, she admits that she give Clarence some water and they just ate a can of beans.
25. Clarence (1/1): Diane said the best thing to do would be to open... get her something to eat, you know, because we wanted to get her strength up. She said, “Well, maybe something to eat will help.” So I said, “Well, I'll do that. I'll open up a can, get you... maybe get some food in you, and that'll make you feel better.”
1. Clarence (1/7): Going to Tribal Council is like going to hell for 45 minutes. It's hot, it's uncomfortable, and nothing good is going to happen while you're there.
2. Clarence (2/7): Having your name read by Jeff is horrible. There was, uh, a sinking feeling, like I can't believe this is happening.
3. Lex (1/3): Despite the fact that all of us had agreed that we are all going to vote unanimously for Diane, we thought it was a really good opportunity for one of us to vote for Clarence just to teach him a lesson and just so that he knows that he's- that he's on shaky ground and that he needs to-to shape up.
4. Jessie (1/3): He's very nervous. He was shaking. He came up to me, and, like, was looking for my approval on how I felt about him and what he had done, and it felt like he needed me to tell him that it was going to be okay.
5. Lex (2/3): We were presented with an unfortunate situation, but we turned around, and it... and it... it ended up working really in our favor, 'cause now everybody knows exactly what Clarence is about. He can't hide anymore.
6. Kim P (1/2): Sleeping on the ground is getting really tough. It's a lot colder than I thought it was going to be at night. I've, uh, I've shivered both nights straight through the whole entire night.
7. Lindsey (1/6): The comfort level sleeping is definitely something that we could use a little bit more of. I don't think one person has gotten a good night's sleep since we've been here, so that's tough.
8. Kim P (2/2): It's amazing how hot it is during the day. So we worked on a shelter because we knew we really needed to get under the shade. We don't really have any shade in there, and the sun is so hot, so we started to build a roof across the top.
9. Lindsey (2/6): Frank is a really interesting character, but really for the military, you know, he-he barks orders and he-he just wants things to be done, kind of right now, his way.
10. Carl (1/4): I've been working my buns off. Frank's been working our buns off, and we're always thinking the next step ahead because other people don't do that.
11. Frank (1/4): You know, the youth were out here like on a vacation and they just straggle here or there, you know, whether it's their way of making us do all the work, I mean, Carl and myself, we have to just jump in there and do something. You know, Linda and Teresa-- usually don't even have to ask them. They're up, “What can we do?”
12. Brandon (1/2): We're almost like two completely different teams. For some reason our camp is split right down the middle by age.
13. Frank (2/4): I would like to see these differences overcome, but if it happens the way I have this gut feeling it's going to happen and someone's got to be voted out, I have no problem with it. There's one or two individuals I could get rid of right now that are probably more in the way than are any good.
14. Kim J (1/2): I'm feeling in a very vulnerable position because I did fall. You cannot help but be mad. You say the right words, you say to the person, “Oh, it's okay.” But you know what? It's not okay. All things being equal among us, it's-it's a- it's a reason to vote me off.
15. Tom (1/2): We almost went too long without water. I mean, your body just can't take it. A couple people, it's been a week, and there ain't nothing we can do about that. We got two freeloaders. It hurts.
16. Jessie (2/3): I don't know why I'm shaking. I don't- I don't know if it's because of lack of water or because I'm cold. And I'm probably the only one that hasn't had any water. It's just very bad. It's just... it's like tar. I have to drink it. I have to drink. God, I never thought drinking water would be so hard.
17. Kelly (1/4): I think we're all worried about Jessie, throwing up when you have so little hydration to go around is bad. It's bad for her, it's bad for us.
18. Clarence (3/7): I'll be the first to admit that the water does not taste great, but you just, you look past it because you need it. And not only that, if you don't drink it, how are you physically going to help us in challenges? How are you physically going to help us, you know, survive out here? Just, it wears everybody else down because they have to pick it up another notch.
19. Jessie (3/3): The guys are being really good, you know? They said it's okay. I mean, I don't know at this point. I don't know.
20. Silas (1/3): It's the fourth day of the game, and, uh, things are starting to heat up a little bit. I think everybody kind of realizes the seriousness of the game. So, you know, what-what's being said and what's being done are just totally different things.
21. Teresa (1/2): I was thinking and hoping it wouldn't have come down to this so fast. But I really like the younger people, but I just feel like for me to stay in the game as long as I can, I need to be on the stronger side, and at this point I feel like it's Carl, Frank, and Linda.
22. Lindsey (3/6): There's never a moment when someone is not trying to whisper something in someone's ear. I mean, it's insane. Sitting around, watching groups of people kind of whispering off to the side, you know, you get that little anxiety built up inside you.
23. Carl (2/4): I'm not out there trying to get anybody hurt, but they have to understand. They know what they signed up. If they thought they signed up to go to the YMCA and roast marshmallows, and maybe win a million dollars, they're wrong.
24. Frank (3/4): If the voting was to go along the lines of the youth and the older, obviously would be a tie. Uh, we immediately began working on Silas. Uh, Silas is a strong, young man, physically great for the competition. And mentally too, he wants to be a winner. He wants to go somewhere.
25. Carl (3/4): You see a strong foursome here, you see a weak threesome here. Where you going to put yourself? He would be a complete fool and an idiot not to stay with the tight four.
26. Silas (2/3): You know, sometimes you can't be a nice guy. I mean, we're all here to win. And, uh, you know, the nice guy finishes last, and that's a fact.
27. Clarence (4/7): At home, getting water is like breathing. You deserve it-- it's no big deal. In the bush, getting water is like receiving gold or platinum. Here water is life, water is everything because without it you are done like that.
28. Kelly (2/4): And the hardest thing I would have to say is really, I'm unaccustomed to such physical drain. You know, I'm unaccustomed to having to work for my food, you know, work for my water. Very unaccustomed to it, and that's been hard.
29. Ethan (1/2): This game breeds paranoia. When two people go off in the distance, you kind of instantly think they're talking about you. I'm like, “Maybe they're,” you know, “talking about me and trying to vote me off or something.” You have no idea.
30. Ethan (2/2): Everyone trusts Lex. He's on everyone's team right now. He's on everyone's side, everyone likes him. So it's very easy if you're in that position to push things in one direction. That's why I'm a little paranoid. For all I know, you know, Lex is playing both sides of the fence, you know, Lex is plotting against me. I have no idea.
31. Lindsey (4/6): Silas came back from the watering hole and I felt just that little bit of apprehension and I just got kind of curious 'cause I'm thinking, hmm... I-I just want to know what's going on.
32. Lindsey (5/6): That's when the game really became real to me, you know? I thought I was out here on a camping trip, just having a good time with a bunch of friends, and to be honest, I don't think I trust anybody now.
33. Frank (4/4): There were some discussions. The younger group overheard somehow. Well, we got sloppy and they began to panic.
34. Teresa (2/2): Lindsey heard Frank say that Silas was on board with us. Of course, me being pretty direct and not wanting to be dishonest, all I could say was, “Yeah.”
35. Lindsey (6/6): I have a lot riding on Silas, and honestly, I have no other choice.
36. Brandon (2/2): Who knows what Silas is really up to? For all I know, Silas is still over there with them and we're all just going to get screwed. And, you know, you just have to roll with the punches.
37. Carl (4/4): Silas is on our team all the way. He'll play the other people too because he's going to go where he feels is the power. But he's going to join us. Now, do I trust him? Hell, no!
38. Silas (3/3): It's like this double face thing you have to play while you're out here. It's funny, I mean, we're here to win a million dollars. So, I'm going to do what it takes to win. I don't know, it's interesting. Things are changing all the time.
39. Kelly (3/4): Tree Mail said that we have our disgusting food challenge today. There's nothing I won't eat. You know, it could be beef brain, goat... testicles, whatever. Sounds good-- breakfast.
40. Clarence (5/7): Winning today is really important because if we don't win, then I stand a good chance of being booted out of the tribe just due to the incidents that have happened in the past three days. So, I have to eat everything. I don't have a choice. I'll eat dirt right now, if you want me to, I mean, whatever it takes.
41. Tom (2/2): Our camp is kind of amazed right now because we got to make big decisions. Every time we've been in a big situation, we falter, and that's not okay.
42. Kim J (2/2): There's a lot of second-guessing going on as far as who's valuable within our tribe and who is not valuable because we've lost actually three challenges in a- in a row.
43. Clarence (6/7): These challenges and these immunities are big and, you know, we're losing by a hair, and we're losing by this much and this much and this much, and it's just tough. And it's only going to get harder.
44. Kelly (4/4): I just feel like a big loser, you know? I couldn't chug beer in college, and I can't chug blood out here. I just, you know, I tried my hardest. I wasn't grossed out by it. I didn't think it tasted bad. I thought for sure it was in the bag. You know, between Kim tripping in the last Reward Challenge, and me failing to perform on my challenge today, it's, you know, it's anybody's game.
45. Clarence (7/7): When it comes to the challenges, the other tribe is-is not beating us with their guys. They're beating us with their girls, so our-our girls right now are just definitely our-our weakest link. But then again, I may be leaving tonight, so you... so at this point you never know because it's not just about what you need. It's about who you like as well.
46. Lex (3/3): Tribal Council is... is a huge drag for us, and we're going twice in a row. The first two Tribal Councils, Boran is going both times, and none of us want to go.
1. Clarence (1/2): We could hear it actually breathe, we heard its-its wheeze, as it inhaled, it was kind of like... (wheezing)
2. Lex (1/1): I mean, it was, it made my blood run cold. We went into this thing knowing, yeah, it's going to be tough, it's going to be real, but I don't think any of us really considered that it was going to be quite that real.
3. Tom (1/4): My mind said stay, but my feet said go. I mean, it's all I could do to keep from just running somewhere, but there's nowhere to run.
4. Clarence (2/2): There was growls coming from our east end and then, minutes later, from our west end and we thought he was just, like, pacing, but, as it turns out, there were two lions. If you're approached by an animal, you don't run and hopefully everything will work out. You're not going to beat a beast.
5. Kim P (1/5): First thing in the morning, the four of us like to sleep a little bit later and the four older people get up a little bit before us, and so they decided this morning that they wanted to go get water before any of us were even up or had shoes on or whatever so, they took off.
6. Carl (1/5): Of course I went to get the water, because if I don't get up, it's not going to get done. You think anybody else gets off their ass to do anything? I'm starting to wonder here, I'm like, look, I'm the old guy, okay, but I know what needs to be done-- every morning, fire, water and food.
7. Lindsey (1/5): The older group seems a little bit nervous. Basically, we kind of feel like they're sucking up to us a little bit, so yeah, I mean, if they'll go get the water and we don't need to help, why not? We want to save our strength.
8. Teresa (1/1): We're just wondering if Silas is still with us or not. My gut feeling just says he's-he's playing, playing both sides. But I'm not-- I can't be for sure.
9. Brandon (1/3): I like to cook 'cause I like my gruel, like, fried a certain way. Plus, if I'm cooking, then my... team, my friends get a little bit bigger portions and they get more.
10. Lindsey (2/5): When Brandon was cooking, he said that we should have first dibs and we should pig out and eat as much as we can and leave them whatever is left. I mean, if they want more, they can make more, you know, I mean, that's-that's fine.
11. Tom (2/4): We've got to fix that fence.
12. Ethan (1/2): We've got some weak spots, little holes there, you know, they can slide under right down here. So we're just trying to beef things up a bit.
13. Carl (2/5): The biggest problem we have is we got two cracks in the water tubs. They're putting on damn beads on a necklace. Generation X.
14. Lindsey (3/5): One of my best friends made me a necklace and each bead is someone who's close to me, and my necklace broke, so Kim and I were sitting around trying to fix it. And I said, “Well, now that, you know, we're a foursome, I think each of you need to have a bead on my necklace.” So I said, “Hey, there's an idea. I'll give you each your bead and we'll have these necklaces that represent that we're one unit, like little kids in fifth grade.”
15. Frank (1/3): Lindsey, making bead necklaces, that's a waste of time. Food, shelter, water. All efforts should be concentrated on that, not here making beads, you know, not sun tanning yourself, all that is nonsense.
16. Kim P (2/5): The bead thing, it was flaunting right in your face, like, it's the four of us and then there's the four of you, and, yeah, it was definitely a slap in the face, but it's a game and it was our strategy to try to drive them crazy and say, “Hey, we are really, really unified.”
17. Brandon (2/3): The necklaces could be incredibly ballsy or incredibly stupid. It just depends on... on how it falls. It's-it's fun either way.
18. Silas (1/3): The younger people, I think we've realized that if we don't stick together, we're going to lose this, we- they're going to pick us off. And, uh, I'm not going out that way. And straddling the fence is over, period, it's done. I am no longer with the older people and I- and I don't care if they know that.
19. Carl (3/5): They're immature, they're trying to get under our skin, and its working.
20. Silas (2/3): I'm trying to get under everyone's skin, I'm trying to expose everybody the best I can, you know, Doc, getting out all his... all his valuables and all his money and his Porsche.
21. Carl (4/5): I drive a Porsche, pardon me, you know what I mean? Silas brings it up as a negative, “Oh, look at the doc, he drives this, he drives that.” He's trying to plant seeds to Kim, Brandon and Lindsey. It's not going to work. All it does is shows his lack of maturity.
22. Brandon (3/3): And, you know, it bothers me when he continually talks about how much money he has, I mean, it does, it bugs me. It bugs the hell out of me, because, you know, the rest of us are here for the money.
23. Carl (5/5): He wants to learn wisdom, he's not learning it that way. You can't create a work ethic when they've never had a work ethic. This is Generation X. This is definitely Generation X. I'm glad I'm 46 years old and I'm glad I'm not part of it.
24. Ethan (2/2): It would just feel good to win something, and it would feel good for our tribe. We've lost two people already. You know, it's nice to win.
25. Tom (3/4): Everything around here revolves around water. The key to survival out here, now it's here. Another thing we don't have to worry about, getting water today.
26. Kim P (3/5): Well, we got our mail this morning, and it was a very unique, very different challenge. We found out that we had to make up some type of distress signal, so that planes flying overhead would have to be able to come and see us, and it was going to be a competition between us and the other tribe, and whose distress signal was the better one.
27. Lindsey (4/5): Frankly, the four of us would like to possibly see an older person have a little weak moment in-in the competition so they can all open their eyes, because they keep coming down saying the weak people need to go. Just stick with me and we'll weed the weak ones out.
28. Frank (2/3): You'd have to be a damn fool obviously, for me to go 110% out there, drain my body of all energy that I have for a bunch of kids that aren't going to appreciate it. No, I just said, I'll contribute and keep moving along, make it look good.
29. Kim J (1/1): Today's Immunity Challenge means absolutely everything to us, it's huge. We definitely need to win, so we're not another man down. We can't afford to go down to five and lose three of them in a row. That's just unthinkable at this point. I had brought some acrylic paints with me as my luxury item and suddenly got the idea to take these mosquito nets and make them a bright color and make them almost targets or bullet points.
30. Kim P (4/5): I was watching Lindsey for a while and she was working really hard, I mean, we all were, and the next thing I know, I looked over, and she was sitting underneath the shade of tree, and it's just not like her personality to sit down before a challenge was over. And so I walked over to her and she was crying and she looked like she was in some serious pain. Her dehydration state today and working really hard got her really sick, really fast. She had some severe pain in her kidneys and in her stomach. So I sat with her for quite a while, trying to get her to drink, but she kept spitting it up.
31. Linda (1/1): I get this funny feeling that I'm probably the last person she wanted to maybe stumble upon her. One of the things that Lindsey likes to say every day on a regular basis is how strong she is. She's the strongest person that she knows. Guess she's not so strong.
32. Tom (4/4): We got a black man with white tighties on, we got a big fat man with a flag waving, we got two little skinny men with flags running around, women in her thong there. We got a young lady shakin' and bakin' up there, so I don't know what else we could do. If that won't stop a plane, I want to talk to the pilot.
33. Lindsey (5/5): Well, what happened yesterday was, I was dehydrated and when you're dehydrated, every other problem area of your body is exacerbated. So, my kidneys were sore, my stomach was sore-- I'm still a little bit groggy and a little weak, but I'm going to be really cognizant of my water intake.
34. Silas (3/3): For the older people to see her down was just like a thumb up on their side-- it was just a, you know, shakes hands, a smile and a cheerio, you know, “Hey they got one down, we're stronger.” I hated for them to get that little sweet flavor of victory in their mouth.
35. Frank (3/3): Tensions are high-- I mean, you can cut it with a knife, you know, right through the air. The younger people, they know we're going to Tribal Council tonight. I have no flexibility. If you're excess baggage, get the hell out of my way. I'm not going to deal with it, not under these conditions.
36. Kim P (5/5): Everyone knows we're not much of a tribe anymore. We don't have much unity. And on some deeper level, I'm sure what most people are thinking, “What's the harm if we go to Tribal Council? Let's get it over with.”
1. Silas (1/7): Well, we had our first Tribal Council. We voted Doc off. All eight of us went in there split four and four.
2. Lindsey (1/5): I'm still here, and I'm smiling big.
3. Silas (2/7): Anything could have happened. And it was, literally, a crap shoot. Whoever won, uh... won that Tribal Council basically won the majority and basically more or less took over the tribe.
4. Lindsey (2/5): By the time I got back to camp, I felt really angry. Just, like, it all hit me. Just like, “Oh, my God, they picked me?! Those bastards!” You know? And I just got really angry, and I just wanted to lash out and just be mad at those three people for voting for me.
5. Silas (3/7): The thing about Lindsey, of course she handled it wrong. We needed their support and we needed to be kind to them. But boy, she really just kind of flew off, you know, the-the deep end.
6. Linda (1/7): It was difficult hearing comments when they came back, like Lindsey was saying, “They (expletive censor) with the wrong girl!” And comments like, “Okay, so come here, team,” and they really meant the four of them. It was no accident because I was standing right there where Silas was over by the fire and they got him. And I thought, “Oh, God, (slaps face) that's mean!”
7. Frank (1/7): Now it's a new day. Yeah, sure we're outnumbered four to three. But basically, they run the show, you know? But, uh, damn you, Carl, for leaving me with a bunch of misfits to go camping with 'cause, uh, it's going to be pretty miserable next couple of days.
8. Clarence (1/6): You know, I'm worried about Tommy. Tom is not eating. A lot of what we have to eat is cornmeal. And he has a really tough time eating it. I don't think it's a taste thing. He just... he physically just doesn't like the way it goes down. All it is really is just grits. Uh, like you would serve it with breakfast.
9. Tom (1/2): Well, grits is a nice thought for this stuff. But going down the hatch, it reminds you more of something that rhymes with grits. But basically, no grits. We've got to find a little something we can munch on.
10. Clarence (2/6): The big country bear saw the, uh, the palm trees. The palm trees have what's called a, uh, a dome palm fruit on it. The palm tree that Tommy found was about 50 feet in the air. He was silly enough to think he was going to climb it.
11. Clarence (3/6): Yeah, I thought he was nuts. So finally, he got down. And, um, we just started throwing rocks at it, trying to get something to happen.
12. Clarence (4/6): And, uh, we actually got two of them down.
13. Tom (2/2): And then, after that, we've hammered ourselves to death trying to get the doggone thing open. Trying for over 30 minutes and getting tubed, then taking 20 minutes to open one. We had something about the size of your thumb now that you could eat. In my opinion, it ain't worth it.
14. Frank (2/7): I had mentioned it to Linda and Teresa. I said, I was taking it out of fifth gear as far as responsibility, you know, accountability, organizing things. And I was going to sit back. They were the majority. Let's see how the run a household.
15. Linda (2/7): When Frank and I got mail this morning, I was loving it. Oh, yeah, that was great. I thought, if anything, that'll drill in that you can't just sleep late. Our water is low. Now, we don't have time to get to the water hole.
16. Kim P (1/3): We were sleeping late. And Linda had gotten Tree Mail and came up and woke us up and said we had a half an hour to go to our Reward Challenge, which was just huge and shocking. So we had all gotten up and were all very groggy and cranky.
17. Lindsey (3/5): We tried to sleep in, and we got-- we were awakened. And now we're struggling to-to get our bearings.
18. Linda (3/7): Silas with the knee? I've seen him on the knee twice. And-and-and-- and I looked at that. And I guess, I don't know, that's like a football thing where the coach gets down and just whatever. Maybe it's genuine. It seemed so cheesy to me.
19. Brandon (1/2): Linda this morning really came unglued. She has two very, very different sides. It's like this sweet little New England mom, and then there's this, I don't know, crazy woman side, too.
20. Linda (4/7): They were saying, “Oh, it's just because anger.” And like, “Oh, let it go.” I'm like, “Okay, great. Let it go. Let's hug.” And her arms went like this! And she-she got that look in her eyes, like-like, I don't know, I had a knife in my hand or she was going to-- I don't know. It was-- it was-- it was awfully strange.
21. Lindsey (4/5): Just everything sort of hit me this morning, and I just started to cry because I felt just... I felt sectioned out of my little group even though they're totally supportive of me. I felt like the older group picked me. And how can I face them again? And I just felt sad.
22. Ethan (1/5): We lost the challenge. Unfortunately, you know, it came down to Kim went really slow. I feel terrible for her. She couldn't feel good, and I know she doesn't feel good. And it's hard. It must be really-- I'm glad I'm not in that situation.
23. Clarence (5/6): We all said, you know, “Good job, you did the best you could.” But, you know, really, she's like, “I suck,” you know? And I'm like, “Yeah, you suck.” You know, in competition it's not about giving it your best sometimes. Sometimes it's about actually the winning.
24. Lex (1/3): The thing that was most difficult about today's challenge was my having to face the reality that-that Kim is definitely not up to some of the more physical challenges.
25. Kelly (1/1): If our team is just real losers and we lose everything... that's going to be awful.
26. Silas (4/7): This morning was a little tense, but we really pulled together today. And we won some food. And all in all, it was an unbelievable victory today. So it boosted up morale, boosted spirits. It boosted everything, confidence-- it was a good thing.
27. Silas (5/7): The basket we won was just amazing. We-we won soup mix, you know, rice. We won, like, jelly to put on stuff. I mean, it's flavor for the food that we have. And that's key.
28. Kim P (2/3): I cannot be any more excited about the fact that we got food unless it was water. I'd give it all up for water. One of the big focuses in our group is water, obviously. We have to go get the water. We have to boil the water. Frank and Doc were the two people who took that under their wing. They were kind of the water people, getting the water going. And our group was going-- they're doing all the work. Fine with that. So we won't do any of it. We were more focused on the split in the tribe and manipulating people and doing that than we were about any other part of surviving out here.
29. Brandon (2/2): We were in a real water crunch. I mean, we were all dehydrated from the challenge severely. And I'm sure to prove a point to us, Frank and Linda and T let the water level get completely gone. Then we came home, lost another pot completely. Pots are extremely vital because that's the only way we have to have clean drinking water. We have to boil it. One of our pots now is completely unusable. And the other one we can, you know, it's still on its side and just-- it's crumbling. Every time we put it in the fire, it crumbles more and more.
30. Frank (3/7): Things began to slack off. You know, the water rations went down. My, uh, plan of attack was, you know, to let the comfort level drop completely low. And they would-- I know they would break down. And, uh, you could see that things were falling apart.
31. Kim P (3/3): We now have completely shattered all of our pots. So it's-it's a horrible situation that we got ourselves into. Still, like God, this tribe! Can we get our act together? You know, there's still that hanging over my head, like, what is wrong with us? You know, we crack pots, we whine, we complain, we have problems, people are fighting, da-da-da-da, whatever. And I'm like, “God, when are we going to get this together?”
32. Ethan (2/5): Sometimes you do get comfortable, a little bit comfortable here. And, you know, you think you're all safe and everything's great. And then, you get a wake up call. Tom had his eyes up, thank God.
33. Lex (2/3): We've all done our homework. And we all know that is the one animal that we need to be most careful about. It-it's considered to be the most dangerous animal in Africa. It was scary, it was. And it was there. And it was huge. So when we saw this thing, we made a lot of noise. And then, we realized at that point we needed to leave this place.
34. Lex (3/3): Not a single one of us came here thinking that all of this danger was going to be real. We're finding on a daily basis we-we're having these kinds of sobering experiences that remind us every day that we need to respect the land and that this, this whole thing, is very real. Danger is here.
35. Frank (4/7): This morning, I took a long shot. First thing, before the sun even got up, I got 'em up. The water thing, I can't ignore. Believe me, if it was just me and them, I'd let them fall flat on their faces. They don't give a damn, you know? But I can't do that to Teresa and Linda. I feel compelled to, you know, want to protect and make life easy for them, as well.
36. Linda (5/7): This morning, Frank's birthday. I got up, gave him a birthday hug, and he was whittling on his torch, and he was carving his children and his wife's name. I thought that was just beautiful.
37. Frank (5/7): I grabbed my Tribal Council torch. I wanted my wife and two daughters, Jocelyn and Sage, their names to be on that. For not only now, the strength, but even when I leave, you know, I want it to be carried with me. They were with me all the time. So that was important to me to do that.
38. Ethan (3/5): We kicked ass in that challenge, and we won. And it saved Kim-- Kim's life.
39. Kim J (1/1): Words can't express how happy I am. I mean, I could just stand here and cry. I'm so happy! And the thing that makes me really happy is that I think they were all happy about it, even personally for me.
40. Ethan (4/5): We won immunity, and the other team's going to Tribal Council. So we had the whole day to ourselves, no chores. So we decided to explore a little bit.
41. Clarence (6/6): When our tribe climbed up that mountain, you know, I got that feeling back about why, what was really important, why I was there.
42. Ethan (5/5): Everyone's happy, and the tribe's happy, and we were all having fun. And it was just so pleasant. It was like, we're here! Like, we're in Africa!
43. Linda (6/7): It's obviously D-Day. Um, we go to Tribal Council this evening. We know it's either going to be myself, T, or Frank that's going to go.
44. Frank (6/7): I was just kind of sitting there, relaxing. And everyone started opening up very neutrally and casually.
45. Silas (6/7): If you ever go into Tribal Council with a tie, like myself and someone else, the tie-breaker is who has the most votes is out.
46. Lindsey (5/5): I never thought I'd say, “Vote for me three times tonight. Come on!” But it-it'll help us. It'll help us in the end as long as I don't get voted for, you know, once the merger happens.
47. Frank (7/7): Well, they wouldn't say who's going tonight. But they had a plan they wanted us to follow, you know, us, now-- it's just, it's funny, it's...
48. Linda (7/7): I do not want to see Silas win the million dollars. I can see any of the other three win the million dollars. I don't want him winning the million dollars. I don't trust him at all. There's something-- there's something off there. I'm not even sure of his name. There's just something not quite right.
49. Teresa (1/1): I really don't know which way they're going. But I guess there's a reason they could keep each one of us and a reason they could decide to take each one of us off.
50. Silas (7/7): There's not an event in-in the future that would alarm me. I can't wait til the merge because I-I plan on winning this. You might as well write the check and hand it to me because I'm shooting for the stars. And-and I'm going to get there.
1. Frank (1/3): Uh, Tribal Council, and, uh, we had to go in there and eliminate somebody, and, of course, it was going to be one of the three elders of the tribe, uh, myself or Teresa or Linda. Unfortunately, it was Linda. But, uh, that's the way it was going to happen, we knew that. Uh, we are still a tribe divided. We're two tribes in one. Um, the youth, they think they can do it alone. They need us, and, uh, they basically just ignored us and cut us off. Keep isolating us, we're going to keep fighting, you know? I haven't seen an invitation come across the board, so...
2. Teresa (1/2): Hey, it's a game, which they... they utter every minute, “It's a game. It's a game.” I don't know. It-- I-I felt so good last night. I feel so good right now, because I know we got to 'em and it-it feels good.
3. Silas (1/6): Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, they definitely set up mine, up Silas, and A.K.A. Um, they weren't here to play the game last night, you know, they were there for revenge for them to show, “Ah, kiss my ass,” you know, “We-we have the power. Look at this, we're going to screw you.” And, you know, again, it just shows the older group's maturity level, and again, it's a game and-and, you know, no big deal.
4. Brandon (1/3): I'm not used to all these emotional people. This is a game and, we're-- you know, we're supposed to be thinking. Whether they believe it or not, we have to have those two people. I mean, we have to win one more Immunity Challenge, or it doesn't matter what we do or how many votes we have. We're all screwed. It's very frustrating for me to see a clear picture and have these people around me just, like, living in the moment and not having any-- like, not caring at all that the things they say are really-- have huge consequences on what happens two days from now.
5. Tom (1/5): When Jeff said, “Give me your buff,” I almost turned around and bolted. I would've... if he... you know, and ran. It's a long way back to camp, but if he'd give me the option-- run all the way back to camp, no water for two days, or give me your buff, I'd still be trying to run.
6. Lindsey (1/4): When they arrived, I was excited at first. I was like, “Oh, sweet, other team members are here. What's going on?”
7. Lindsey (2/4): Then as reality set in... we all kind of just panicked.
8. Ethan (1/5): When I saw them coming up, I thought they were going to try to, like, steal our flag or get some info from us or check on our house.
9. Ethan (2/5): It was a switch. They're, like, “We're on your side now,” and my stomach dropped, because everything I had worked for, all the bonds I had made, two closest friends on the team were now gone. And I was, like, “I'm going to have to start over.”
10. Silas (2/6): My old tribe, I, uh, had an alliance with four of the young people. Now as far as the situation, you know, yeah, it's not that great. I mean, I came here with the two people that I didn't probably want to come here with, and you know, left three of my buddies back at the other camp, and that was kind of tough.
11. Lex (1/3): All of us-- and I'm sure the old Samburu felt the same way-- all of us had been so careful about arranging our strategies and arranging for our own security and well-being... that, all of a sudden, all of that was-was completely blown asunder.
12. Lindsey (3/4): You think you're on top one minute, and then we just had this incredible loop thrown towards us, and, you know... just this kink in the loop that just threw everything off, all confidence completely down the drain.
13. Tom (2/5): You know, I don't mind playing the cards they've dealt me, and I'm taking it like a little man. I put a smile on my face this morning, but I had to, had to, had to move it a little bit.
14. Lex (2/3): We were, we were pissed about the fact that when we got there, it looked like a bunch of lazy people had been running the camp. There was a mound of ash, you know, a foot-and-a-half high. They hadn't really been taking care of their fire properly. There was almost no firewood inside the camp. And one of my first questions was, you know, “Where's all the firewood?”
15. Kelly (1/4): We've all... we've worked really hard and suffered a lot with no food and no water and stuff like that, and just to see people out here who just... don't take it seriously and be stuck with them, it's painful.
16. Lex (3/3): It was obvious that these-- that these people were napping all day, and that they weren't doing-- they weren't doing squat.
17. Tom (3/5): I don't know. They keep waiting for a mysterious thing to happen here in Africa-- wood's gonna fall out of the sky, there's going to be a well-- an artesian well coming up in the camp. I don't know, maybe a swimming pool. But I don't think that's going to happen, and, uh, I feel like we're going to have to get out there and-and pull the plow.
18. Silas (3/6): I'm definitely on the other side right now. I was on the good side, now I'm on the bad side. This twist in the game has really stuck a thorn in my side.
19. Silas (4/6): Frank and T, this is like, rejuvenated their life. I mean, this is like a new-- whole new opportunity for them, you know, because they knew at least one of them was going to go the next vote.
20. Frank (2/3): Even in the face of defeat, we're not going down. You never give up, absolutely not, right till the end. Not till I'm six feet underground.
21. Kelly (2/4): This is no Samburu tribe. I'm not on the Samburu tribe. The red is a red herring. It's a false front. I'm still on Boran and so is... and so is Lex and so is Tom.
22. Kelly (3/4): We have to anticipate going to Tribal Council because we're outmanned so drastically. If this challenge is in any way physical, I don't see the point in playing. We will lose.
23. Kelly (4/4): The good part about it is, that me, Lex and Tom have no votes against us. So no matter who they pick, we should be okay as long as we pick the one of them that has votes against them. Tom and I and Lex have all sort of whispered a little bit. They talk too loud, though, too. You've got to watch because of the eavesdropping, of course, goes both ways. But, um, we all-- we all like Brandon the best... Well, I mean, that's not true. I like Kim a lot, too, but Kim is just so much more of a physical threat. And then Lindsey, everyone-everyone thinks is really annoying.
24. Tom (4/5): Lindsey had a tick on her butt, and tell you the truth, when a woman had trouble on her butt, I told her that's just what I was made for. It was one of the nicest jobs I've had to do here so far.
25. Tom (5/5): I think it was good for her and good for me, like, kind of a refreshing reward.
26. Kim P (1/1): Seeing the other-- seeing our old tribemates now being, um, against us was kind of weird in the beginning. You know, it was-- it was definitely annoying to see, um, Silas and Frank were really, like, blocking us from getting into the, um, little corals. It was frustrating just because it's, like, Silas, you know, it's somebody we were working together with and now he's working against you, so it was very frustrating.
27. Lindsey (4/4): There's no stability out here. It's just, like, walking on eggshells every second, and... it just gets frustrating. It's-it's really draining, I mean, we're hungry, we're tired, you know, we just had this new team appear and we're all stressed out, and I'm just emotional over it all, you know? I've made these great new friends, and I'm so excited to leave with this experience because it's awesome, but I'm not ready to leave yet and I'm terrified. I don't want to go.
28. Brandon (2/3): She just doesn't-- she doesn't think about strategy at all. She just runs her mouth and she's, like, right now she's just running scared they're going to vote for her. And she doesn't care that we're trying so extra hard, Kim and I, to keep them- that from happening.
29. Brandon (3/3): When you are, like, doing everything, everything for your team, like, you've got two girls that are trying, like, their damnedest to save their own ass, because they want you to get the vote, yeah, they'll vote with you. They'll back you up and they'll vote for whoever you tell them to vote for, but you have to tell them who to vote for. You have to tell them what to do. You have to tell them, “Look, you don't need to be so nice today, Kim. You need to be a little bit bitchy, so that they'll have another choice besides Lindsey, because we're both screwed if they do that.” When you have to think of everything, and then all they do is cry and whine and moan and bitch and complain all the time, I'm just like... it-it's-- it's such a great thing that I'm gay 'cause I could not stand to put up with a crying woman now. I couldn't do it.
30. Clarence (1/1): All the Immunity Challenges are huge to us. This one coming up is just a stepping-stone to the next one, especially for Silas and I. We have bull's-eyes on us, no doubt, so we got to make the most out of having both of us on the same tribe. Take a big lead and then pick off the others one by one.
31. Ethan (3/5): I've talked with Kim, I'm like, “Kim, this may sound crazy and I've never done this in my life, I'm a, you know, I'm an athlete, I go out to win, I've never fixed anything.” I'm like, “What-what would you think if we lost this next challenge on purpose?”
32. Teresa (2/2): Only two more Immunity Challenges before the merger. I talked with Kim and also with Ethan... that if we didn't win this one, that was okay.
33. Ethan (4/5): Immunity Challenge is a win-win situation. We win the challenge, great-- we don't have to go to Tribal Council. We lose, we end up going to Tribal Council and I get to vote off, you know, my biggest threat.
34. Ethan (5/5): Me and Silas had it out, over in the bushes. He's like, “Ethan, let's go get some wood.” I'm like, “Okay, we're going to have a meeting.” Meanwhile, in my head I'm, like, “I like Frank.” And I'm like, “Well, I see Clarence as a threat to me come the merger.”
35. Frank (3/3): Ethan and Kim, they've had their problems, I guess, with Clarence. They'd like to see him out, so I don't think he's got the cards in his hand on this one. This one's going to slip through.
36. Kim J (1/2): Clarence's past experiences have been relayed to Teresa, Silas and Frank, uh, the fact that Clarence ate seven-eighths of the can of food, and that he had no permission to do it. And I think there have been rumblings with the new tribe members that we've had some issues of trust with Clarence. Silas makes Ethan very nervous, and I think that he has very strong connections in his other tribe.
37. Kim J (2/2): He may be a real nice guy in real life. In our tribe, I don't buy his schmooziness.
38. Silas (5/6): I went to get wood with Ethan and, uh, just kind of wanted to pick his brain, and he said he wanted to get rid of Clarence, and I think he has some ill feelings towards Clarence and I know Kim does too, and, hopefully, those are strong enough to convince T and Frank, and vote for him and then he'll go off.
39. Silas (6/6): I'm dying to see what's going to happen. It's tough, but I definitely know it's going to be probably myself or Clarence. It's going to be a good Tribal Council tonight.
1. Ethan (1/6): The whole thing with the merge is driving me insane. At the end of Tribal Council the other night, Jeff said, “You guys assume the merge is in three days.” So, you know, he throws the question out there. He throws the thought out there. Put it in our head that, like, “Oh, my God, maybe the merge isn't in three days!”
2. Lex (1/4): Tom and I took in a long night shift last night. Everyone else took about an hour and a half, two hours, and we got, like... we got stuck with about five hours.
3. Lex (2/4): It was painfully obvious the moment we stepped foot in camp here that, you know, we had three people here that... they were here for a little resort vacation. They weren't here to do anything but nap and eat and make a couple meals.
4. Lindsey (1/11): Everyone is stressed out right now. This whole switcheroo thing has made everyone's mind kind of go crazy. Everyone is thinking, “Oh, we're two new tribes now. Let's not think of our old tribes.” But it's inevitable, you're going to think of your old tribe.
5. Kelly (1/3): People just want to see what's shaking up at Boran, because what goes on over there could totally affect what happens over here.
6. Tom (1/1): We know if we get beat in a challenge, we've got our vote, and we know it's going to be 3-3. They're going to pick out somebody on us, and we're going to pick out somebody on them. But the key to the vote is what's happened before.
7. Lindsey (2/11): If we have a tie, it comes down to who has more votes, and I already have four votes against me, so I'd be gone. I'm really trying to save my own butt, you know? I-I don't want them to have any clue about my situation. I mean, I set a goal for myself, and I am the kind of person that when I set a goal, I'm going to achieve it.
8. Clarence (1/6): I can't stop thinking about food. I dream about food. I think about food when I'm eating food. I think about food 24/7.
9. Ethan (2/6): Some people want to eat the chickens right away, like Clarence, and some people want to wait to see if they'll lay some eggs. It's just, the problem is, if we go to the merger and we're not allowed to take the chickens, then it's a waste.
10. Frank (1/4): The chickens are presently still up for debate, but we're going to wait till today's Reward Challenge to see what's available today and then probably make a decision tonight.
11. Ethan (3/6): The reward they said is “lunch,” so the food-- maybe, we'll go someplace, and have a nice sit-down lunch-slash-dinner.
12. Kim J (1/3): Today's Tree Mail indicates that it's probably something sort of cerebral. We've been studying all the things we learned in our survival manual-- the desert out here, and the plants and the animals-- hoping that we can win us a free lunch.
13. Lindsey (3/11): The food reward was amazing, I mean, we just pigged out. And our stomachs, you know, they've shrunk, so it's-it's hard to-to stuff food in there and let them expand, but we sure found a way. Kim gorged on stuff her body wasn't used to, and her tiny little, you know, five foot one figure isn't going to hold all that very well. So she was pretty close to vomiting.
14. Kelly (2/3): Luckily, we were all able to hold it down. We were all very proud of ourselves. And having all this energy stored up should definitely give us an edge, I hope.
15. Lindsey (4/11): When I saw that Silas was gone, my heart sank. I was definitely shocked.
16. Lindsey (5/11): When we had the upper hand, we treated Frank and Teresa poorly. Especially me, I-I gloated, and I was excited and I felt like I was the queen of the land, which was a bad move on my part. And I think they were definitely out for some kind of revenge.
17. Brandon (1/4): I told Lindsey that probably was a big part of them switching to Silas, you know, because y'all got in their face, and you have to really think about it, if they're backed into a corner. Looks to me like we're the ones kind of over the pit now.
18. Frank (2/4): Clarence, if anyone, is probably having the most difficult time controlling wanting to get his fingers on some fried chicken, more or less, you know? Which I don't blame him, but it's no way to play the game and for down the road, for a valuable resource, so...
19. Clarence (2/6): The members of my tribe, they're of the opinion that given the right environment, our chickens are going to lay eggs, which is completely... a joke to me.
20. Teresa (1/1): Believe it or not, I think we're all unsure what the hens need to do to lay the eggs. Franks wants to put a net out there so they can run around and play.
21. Clarence (3/6): As much as we're joking about it, I am serious about killing one of those chickens. You know, I've talked to each one of the chickens personally, and I've informed them that, you know, they're on notice.
22. Lindsey (6/11): I've have some moments with Kelly that I feel like we've sort of bonded and we've had a good time, and she has expressed that she's fearful of-of her demise, so... she seems pretty genuine.
23. Kim J (2/3): I went into the cage this morning, and I didn't see anything in the beginning at all, and I thought, “Oh, damn, these chickens didn't lay any eggs again.” Yay! Look at this! Look at this, you guys! Yay! Yes, yes! Yes, we have eggs!
24. Kim J (3/3): So we're just going to keep it right on the tray there until Clarence wakes up and sees the egg. (imitates Clarence) “Oh, damn! Damn those chickens!”
25. Ethan (4/6): I loved it this morning when Kim brought over that egg 'cause last night Clarence was, like, “Well, one of them have an egg, we don't have to eat the chicken.”
26. Ethan (5/6): We tormented him a little bit, but we decided we were going to kill a chicken and eat it for dinner anyway.
27. Clarence (4/6): The chicken tastes great. Everyone had a hand in preparing it, and, I mean, I was just, wow, it was just... (gestures kiss) muah!
28. Frank (3/4): Since our arrival, Teresa and I, we've been smiling. It's been a very comfortable transition. You know, I wish we would have been here from Day 1 with these people.
29. Kelly (3/3): I'm such an idiot! All this time, Kim, at the challenges, she was doing this (signs letter “L”). I'm, like, “What does this mean, lose? Do you want me to throw the challenge?” I get “What's the L? The L?!” Then I'm sitting there, and I'm, like, “Oh, Lindsey!” Obviously, she thinks Lindsey has votes against her. And also I think she was trying to tell me Brandon. Because if she was doing something like this (shows palm), I don't know, I think it's “B” in sign language. She knows sign language. I don't know it.
30. Lindsey (7/11): They were trying to tell them something. I don't know if it was, you know, vote for Lindsey, she has votes, or... I-I don't know.
31. Lex (3/4): We're pretty sure that Brandon already has votes against him. We suspected that from the start. Knowing that Frank had been in the same tribe with him, we figured if there was anybody that Frank was just going to throw a vote at just on principle alone, it would have been Brandon.
32. Brandon (2/4): I don't know what they're thinking, but I don't have any votes, so I still think I have a really good chance. But if they vote for Lindsey, then it's done, she's gone.
33. Lindsey (8/11): We're totally confident that if it's a three and three tie against Brandon and Tom, that Brandon can win the questions.
34. Kim P (1/2): I mean, Kelly, she's like a walking thesaurus, and, uh, Lex probably is too much of a chance, too. So we think we're going to vote for Tom, knowing that Brandon could probably beat him in trivia.
35. Brandon (3/4): I mean, I told the girls this is what we would do. I'll have to just take a bullet for her.
36. Frank (4/4): You know, immediately they read the mail, and it was going to take a team effort by all of us. So being what I consider proficient somewhat in archery, I was immediately thrust right into the limelight.
37. Clarence (5/6): Frank, I'm starting to figure out about Frank is he's a teacher. He loves instruction. You know, I think that probably comes from a little bit, mostly from the military, in terms of giving orders.
38. Ethan (6/6): Frank, definitely, I mean, this is Frank's thing. He's very, you know, vocal and giving us all the help he can. Without him, you know, I wouldn't know all the little stuff that could bring us the win later on.
39. Clarence (6/6): This Immunity Challenge is important, because right now, although on paper the old Boran tribe has a one-person edge, you still don't know what's going on.
40. Lex (4/4): So we find ourselves faced with Tribal Council today, which puts us all in a potentially vulnerable position. Because now, you know, we find ourselves having to... to vote someone out.
41. Brandon (4/4): They are very likely to vote for me, and that's fine. I mean, I'm not going to lose sleep about it. I'm not going to lose sleep about it anymore. We were talking about going to Tribal Council, and Kelly was standing on the other side of the hut and we didn't realize it. So now Lindsey thinks that they know she has votes.
42. Lindsey (9/11): You know, we made a pact with Brandon in the beginning of this game, but he screwed me over by letting them overhear that I have votes, so I was... I was upset. So right now, I feel like this is a selfish game and I'm in it for myself.
43. Lindsey (10/11): I just thought, “Oh, my God, if this can secure them not voting for me, I'll do it.” And this isn't cheating. I'm not sticking a card up my sleeve. This is just making the right move for myself.
44. Kim P (2/2): They're basically saying “Align with us, we'll take you further,” and I'm just not going to do it. I'm not comfortable with it. I know Brandon wouldn't do it to me. He wouldn't do it to me, no matter what.
45. Lindsey (11/11): I'm kind of in a no-win situation. I mean, do I go against my personal morals and values and vote against Brandon? Or do I vote with Brandon and Kim and risk being the next one voted out of here? I don't know what I'm going to do, and I don't think I'll know until I get to Tribal Council.
1. Brandon (1/6): I know Lindsey left Tribal Council looking like a jackass. Oh, my God, I'm so glad Lindsey's gone! Can I just say that again? I am so glad Lindsey is gone! I could not have taken this merge with her whining and crying and bawling and being a baby. Whatever happened to leaving with dignity?
2. Tom (1/4): Lindsey's gone. And the other two, uh, they're nervous as a whore in church.
3. Tom (2/4): You make your bed, you've got to lay in it, and I think they laid in it a little bit last night and got the wiggles.
4. Brandon (2/6): It's different now. I mean, we're in the minority, and we're in the minority for the first time. Kim and I will still have a relationship, but I'm going to try my hardest to have a distance between the two of us, um, just simply because one of us is gonna go before the other one.
5. Clarence (1/3): Yesterday we had chicken. Oh, the chicken-- the chicken taste great and we all took our turn on it. It was awesome. It was the best thing I've had here so far. Unfortunately, I had a little problem digesting the chicken. It was good, but you know, I haven't-- my system hasn't had fat or grease in it for a while. So I got up this morning with a little rumbling in my stomach. And so I took my shovel out into the bush to do my business. By the time I got done, I looked up and there were, uh, a nice little herd of elephant north of me, and I had no idea. You forget that, sometimes, that you're-you're in Africa, because we've been here so long, and today I kind of was lax on my security, not paying attention, because my stomach was rumbling a little bit. While I was doing my business, I could have got trampled. It would have been a really... a really embarrassing way to die. (laughs)
6. Clarence (2/3): We don't know what's going on right now. Uh, today we thought this would be merger day with the other tribe, but so far we're just pretty much hanging out.
7. Kim J (1/3): We're talking about Reward Challenge, Immunity Challenge, but we've learned quickly to learn that just when you think there's a pattern, there is no pattern. So we're just basically kind of just hanging loose and waiting to see what happens.
8. Kim J (2/3): Frank knows a lot of things, and I can't believe he's never heard the term brunch before. Frank is a three meals a day man, probably eats at the same time every day. Very, very regimented.
9. Brandon (3/6): I don't want to be with the team anymore. I just, I don't want it. It is absolutely horrible. This is-- this is horrible. I want to do the merge and start having individual competitions. It's everybody for themselves.
10. Lex (1/4): We don't know at this point if there's going to be a merger or when it's going to occur. So we've kind of spent quite a bit of time just waiting for something to happen that may not even happen.
11. Kelly (1/6): Lex is so politicking for a win, and that's fine. But... just watching him make spoons for Tom and kiss ass to everybody, and talk in his “dad” voice, annoys me. Am I the only one who notices he's a totally weird person? It's annoying. I would like to vote off Lex in a perfect world. If I thought there was going to be no merger, ever, then I would do it in a heartbeat.
12. Frank (1/7): When we got mail, it was written in such a way that some of us thought, “Is it an individual Immunity Challenge or a Tribal?”
13. Kim P (1/2): We could figure out that we would have to hold something on our head for a long period of time. But we had no idea what was going on with-- and any, just kind of given up on guessing anymore.
14. Brandon (4/6): Frank and Ethan seem-- their arms seem to be really tired. And, like, Frank's just moving all over the place. And here it goes.
15. Lex (2/4): Clarence is starting to break down. I think he's trying to bait her down, either by offering her a deal that, you know, people are not going to vote her off. He keeps looking over to us, asking us for some kind of assurance that we won't. I don't know why he's asking us for anything, though. You know, when you're up there, it's just about you.
16. Frank (2/7): The whole tribe was together for the first time and able to talk and, uh, imagine getting in the mail an invitation to attend a Wagner family reunion, and your last name is Smith. That's just what it felt like. I'm just floating on the outside kind of right now, looking at things.
17. Frank (3/7): Everybody was happy. Everybody was ready to partake in the feast. Well, you can only have so many preparers for that. We were all standing around and I just didn't want to stand around, you know, I just... So I just went outside the manyata and started gathering wood, because we need wood.
18. Kelly (2/6): Frank is a very big loner. He socially seems so inept. I mean, I guess probably a large section of the population is introverted and antisocial and that's fine, but I feel like there prescription drugs to counteract that, and he should maybe be on them.
19. Tom (3/4): You could almost tell Teresa is a good woman. It's hard not to see just an old Georgia Baptist good ol' girl in there. And, uh, she sure ain't bad to look at. My wife knows I'm just a man. Hell, I'm out here in the bush, and after looking at Brandon for seven days, I don't care if Teresa had one eye on her forehead, I'd still take her.
20. Kelly (3/6): We played this game, um, “I never,” which is, like, you're supposed to, like, tell dirty stories and whatever.
21. Frank (4/7): Even I enjoyed it, it was good just to-to relax for a little bit. It was fun. But I wanted to get it over with, though, too.
22. Tom (4/4): There was a big bull elephant right next to our camp. Frank, he was making an elephant motion and I don't know... (imitates elephant) I-I really don't know what he was doing, but he was messing with that elephant.
23. Frank (5/7): The elephant just seemed to be swaying and wagging his tail and looking over, and... I just wanted to experiment a little animal behavior and just hang out there with him and just sway back and forth and swinging my canteen behind me like a tail. I don't know, at times it seemed like he might have acknowledged, stopped and looked over, you know? There's a few humans here I wouldn't interact with. You know, but the animals, yes.
24. Kim P (2/2): We were kind of brainstorming about the name together, and somebody came up with the idea of getting the Swahili, um, definition for water and fire. And so what we came up with is Moto Maji or something along those lines.
25. Frank (6/7): I think it's something like Moto Java or something like that.
26. Kelly (4/6): It's Moto Maji. Moto Magi? Momo Magi? I don't know.
27. Brandon (5/6): I really don't care about the name. I think that's all kind of cornball anyway. I don't give a (expletive censor) one way or the other, didn't care. They could have named it, you know, Theaters Anonymous, I-I could care less.
28. Lex (3/4): This is a game. But it's so much more than a game. I mean, we are thrust into a survival situation in a strange place. We're pulling together, creating a society. At this point, we're down to ten people. We have a lot invested here.
29. Brandon (6/6): I don't care who you are, a million dollars changes your life. So the fact of the matter is-is that you have to be very aware now of who you say what to, what you say, what comments you make about other people, because these people are going to be on a jury, and they may discuss you amongst themselves. And so now you have to be very careful.
30. Frank (7/7): I have noticed whispering and conversations taking place, whether they be the case that, “Hey, let's bring Frank along for the ride,” or, “I think we'd better get rid of Frank,” I have no idea.
31. Clarence (3/3): The tribe Moto Maji is up and running, and it starts with our flag, so I've got a big job ahead of me. So... I've got to make sure I finish it.
32. Lex (4/4): The one person that's going to be voted off at this point, I don't think has a clue about it. So I've decided, I've taken it on myself, that I'll pull him aside and tell him exactly what we're going to do. I know he's not gonna like it. I don't know how he's going to react.
33. Kelly (5/6): Today Lex came up with this scheme. Lex, the grandmaster, Lex, that for some reason people bow to. I don't understand why.
34. Kelly (6/6): Oh, and as if that's more ethical? Because Lex is like, “Well, I can't- I can't bold-faced lie to him.” Okay, you can just lie to him all day when it's... when it would be inconvenient to tell him the truth. But then at the last possible moment, you'll slip in the truth and that's going to make you an ethical person? Okay. I like Clarence. The kid has really grown on me. I mean, he sensed that people were getting rubbed the wrong way by him, and he changed his ways. I like him. I think he's friendly. I think he's funny. He's part of the group, unlike crazy, outcast Frank.
35. Kim J (3/3): I don't like being told what to do. I don't know at this point that Lex is playing both ends against the middle, but I'm a little bit guarded with all that.
36. Teresa (1/1): I won't vote for Clarence tonight because I told him I wouldn't do that, and he honored his word, and I feel like I've got to do the same.
1. Lex (1/13): When we went to Tribal Council last night, we seemed to have a kind of an unanimous consensus. Everyone was going to be voting for Clarence and then there were two votes that came in with my name on 'em, and I was, you know, I was really surprised. I kind of figured that Clarence would vote for me, but when the second vote came in, I was pissed off. I was-- I was furious. The person that threw that vote at me and that now chooses to-to hide, torques me and it pisses me off that I can't figure it out and smoke him out right away.
2. Kelly (1/5): This morning, Lex was just a total jerk. I mean, what do you expect in this game? I mean, I'm sorry. Someone voted against you, Mr. Ego. Deal wit it.
3. Kelly (2/5): Okay, it really wasn't me, but screw you, Lex, if you're going to sit here and yell at me like you're my dad and I'm five and I just stole cookies for something I didn't do.
4. Brandon (1/2): This one little vote is so inconsequential to the game, and it has so much to do with Lex's ego that I really could care less what happens with it. Somebody was just screwing with his head, and it worked. It makes me wish I had done it.
5. Lex (2/13): At this point in the game, I'm worried about the fact that there's a snake amongst us and I don't know who it is. That person could act like cancer and start rotting, rotting our plans from the inside out. And that's why we need to smoke them out.
6. Teresa (1/6): Lex was just distraught. I mean, it was just terrible. He said, “All I could think about was who was the one that voted” for him, and, I mean, I didn't think it would be that much of an impact. I thought, “Shoot, ten votes: he got two, didn't get eight. Oh, what's the big deal? He's here.” But it wasn't like that a bit.
7. Teresa (2/6): Of course they figure that Clarence had voted him, but they had to figure out who the other person was. It was me! I mean, I-I did it. I'm sick that I did it now, but like I said, I didn't think it would be such an ordeal.
8. Teresa (3/6): Mama didn't raise no fool. I'm going to keep quiet for a while longer, just because, well, I'm not really ready to go.
9. Teresa (4/6): All along I played with being straight up with everybody, and now I'm not straight up with them for obvious reasons, and I-I don't know where to go with it now. Um, it bothers me. It bother me a lot, actually. I hate this game.
10. Ethan (1/9): Right now, everyone is giving me some stuff to trade away at the old marketplace or wherever I end up. This hat wants something sweet. This hat might want a belt or a bracelet. This hat wants... anything other than this hat.
11. Ethan (2/9): When Jeff, you know, said, “Pick someone out,” my exact reaction was I don't want have to choose anyone to take because it's a huge political decision and the only thing I could think of quick enough was, you know, the person that was close to winning, but didn't.
12. Lex (3/13): We had to keep a couple of goats calm and keep them still because, I mean, the whole point of the trip was for us to take two goats into this village and be able to trade or barter them for money so we could buy some goods. But the ride was so bumpy. I mean it was an absolute ball-buster.
13. Ethan (3/9): We finally arrived. The town ended up being named Wamba. It was a small little village, maybe one street, with stores on it.
14. Lex (4/13): The whole thing was a surreal experience. I didn't know that when we got into the village, that it would be up to Ethan and I to actually get the goats off.
15. Lex (5/13): We already had a crowd of the locals, you know, watching two very out-of-place guys chucking goats out of huge trucks. We were the laughingstock before we even set foot in the village.
16. Ethan (4/9): I know nothing about goats, and I was looking around for some sort of hint, some sort of direction, and just got-got nothing. Everyone is staring at us, and you're definitely in the hot seat. I was panicked. I had no idea what to do. We just started shopping them around.
17. Lex (6/13): We kind of got attached to the goats on that three and a half hour trip. I thought maybe they were going to end up in a flock and they were going to be these happy goats that kind of, you know, cruise around the countryside eating grass and-and maybe mating or whatever. We saw him turn around with the two goats and he made a beeline, not twenty feet away from us straight into the butchery. Be that as it may, we had twenty-five bucks to spend.
18. Lex (7/13): We were clearly a-a couple of things to see in that village. We had a-a constant kind of entourage that followed us around, many of which weren't even talking to us. They were just staring at us. Somebody from the village, obviously the guy that's in the know, or hooked up with everybody, immediately latched on to us and said, “I can take you to the best place in town.” We sat down, and asked for a menu. They didn't have a menu, um, but the guy basically told us, “Yeah, we have three things here.” The maize we didn't want anything to do with because that's the mush we're eating here. Meat we weren't feeling super safe about because we saw a lot of cats kind of milling around. We weren't quite sure what that meant. And then french fries sounded, I mean, right off the bat that sounded great.
19. Ethan (5/9): I got, uh, a soda and Lex got a beer. And it was cold and it was crisp.
20. Lex (8/13): The platters were huge. They were swimming in about an eighth of an inch of, like, grease or oil, which was perfect because I have gone without fat or lard or grease for a month. And I'm telling you, it was like ambrosia.
21. Ethan (6/9): I think the french fries were a definite shock to my system. I mean, my stomach has shrunk significantly. I don't regret it, but you know, it went right through me. It's like solitary confinement. I wouldn't want to go there again. That's for sure. But you had to do it, you know, you can't not do it.
22. Lex (9/13): My stomach hasn't felt full in a long time out here. The feeling was great. Next on our agenda was trying to find sweets and goods for the tribe.
23. Lex (10/13): We went to a marketplace. Unfortunately, after our thousand shilling meal, we were only left with about six-hundred shillings to get a whole bunch of stuff for the tribe.
24. Ethan (7/9): I mean, I was bartering and bargaining and I, you know, was trying to get a lot for a hat. I traded right off my back my-- one of my Reebok long sleeved T-shirts. They gave me a price, and I gave them my shirt right off my back. I gave them my hat off my head. For even just two hours, I was a little bit part of their life and see how things work. I had brought this hacky sack as my luxury item and I'm, like, “What-- when am I going to us this?” And so then we just started, you now, kicking it around and playing. I'm sure they're, like, “How the hell does this kid know how to do this?” you know, 'cause I'm sure they don't see many white people that can play soccer or hacky sack.
25. Ethan (8/9): The smiles on their faces were, you know, amazing. And I think I made their day. And then as we were leaving, I, you know, I threw it to one of the little ones and I gave him-- I gave him my hacky sack and he was, like, “Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you.” It's hard to describe in words everything that was going on in my head and in my, you know, body. But it was an experience that I'll, you know, never be able to forget. As a life experience, it was a day I will never, ever forget, like, for the rest of my life.
26. Teresa (5/6): I hadn't told anybody yet that I voted for Lex, and I won't anytime soon. It did work well with Lex gone. So it's allowed us to do things that I don't think would have happened if he had stayed.
27. Frank (1/1): Believe it or not, God bless her, Teresa has apparently gathered Kim and-and Brandon back under the original Samburu wings, two individuals I can't put any trust in, but at this point in the game, I really have not much of a choice. So, uh, I think it'll be a major D-Day invasion going on.
28. Ethan (9/9): The downside of going on a Reward Challenge and being away for the whole day is, you know, people have a chance to plot against you or say good things about you, bad things about you.
29. Lex (11/13): At this stage of the game, you don't want to piss anyone off. You know, we didn't want to go there and say, “Oh, it was the greatest thing ever and you guys didn't get to do it.” We wanted to be sensitive to the fact that it was probably tough for them to be left behind while we went off and had a really great time and ate a bunch of food when they were eating, you know, a tiny portion of mush.
30. Kim J (1/1): Getting a treat like that out here, particularly something sweet that we've been craving, was just, like, the best gift.
31. Lex (12/13): But Ethan made them look so good. He deserved every bit of credit he got for bringing those cookies back.
32. Kim P (1/2): I was trying to work a little bit on Kelly, in seeing whether or not that she might come and vote with us because she, um, is really kind of upset with Lex, but I don't want to push her too hard. So I'm waiting to see what happens at the Immunity Challenge.
33. Kelly (3/5): Kim-- she kind of asked me to vote with them, and I said no, I have to vote with my tribe, but, uh, you know, best of luck with your little coup and we'll see what happens.
34. Kim P (2/2): Kelly said she wasn't going to vote for Lex, but I think there's part of her that does want to vote with us because she doesn't want Lex to be around. Everything lays on the next Immunity Challenge. I mean, if Lex wins, it's kind of back to game over for us. So everything lays on that.
35. Lex (13/13): The last three days, since, uh, since our last Tribal Council, have been pretty interesting. There was that mystery-- that mystery vote, and my goal was in three days to figure out who it was that cast that vote. After putting two and two together, gathering a lot of information, kind of observing things, it became really evident that my worst fears were more and more likely than not were true.
36. Tom (1/3): We're shooting a harpoon shot that it's Kelly. It's hard for me to go against my tribemate, and I like little Kelly, but all indications is it's her. But we really haven't gotten anything concrete on that.
37. Tom (2/3): Lex is putting his trust in Brandon. I didn't really get to interrogate Kelly enough to make sure she's that rat. Everything points to her, but I will feel like hell if we have kicked one of our own team members off over Lex's gut feeling.
38. Tom (3/3): If his gut feeling ain't right, we've done Kelly an injustice and we've done ourself an injustice.
39. Kelly (4/5): Ever since the Immunity Challenge, things have been very different, different than they've ever been before. Lex hasn't been laying down the orders of who I'm supposed to vote for, who we're supposed to vote for, so I have no clue really what's going on.
40. Kelly (5/5): My butt is on the line because, you know, my own teammates are all trying to turn against me, and I'm just, like, “This is ridiculous.” I feel like my only real strategy is to try to defect and team up with the four from Samburu.
41. Teresa (6/6): We've got Kelly. I don't know that I trust Kelly, but at this point, I don't have a choice not to. She's our only hope.
42. Brandon (2/2): My old team is looking for me to do what we talked about yesterday, which is vote for Lex. But then again, Lex flat out told me this morning they wanted me to vote Kelly off tonight. Now I'm feeling like I'm in a power play position and that-that wasn't what I had planned and it's very awkward for me and I don't know what I'm going to do yet. I honestly don't know.
1. Lex (1/5): The mood in camp this morning is pretty grim. We had an emotion-packed, um, Tribal Council last night. The mood is heavy. There's definitely two kind of divisions here, you know-- people that voted for Lex; people that voted for Kelly; and we're waiting for the, uh, for the smoke and ash to settle before we can figure out kind of what's going on. But the biggest issue in the game right now is-is-is trust and who do you trust, and who do you believe, and, you know, that's-that's kind of the-- when you think about it in life, that's kind of the foundation that you base everything on.
2. Kim P (1/4): It was so shocking to me because I've trusted Brandon for 24 straight days. He's been my friend, so I thought. And I thought what he said was you know, going to be true, and-and, I'm really burnt up today for sure. I mean, I-I can't understand it.
3. Ethan (1/4): Lex has made a bond, a supposedly strong bond, with Brandon.
4. Ethan (2/4): Now the major issue here is, Lex is 100% confident in Brandon. However, I'm not 100% and Tom isn't 100% convinced that Brandon will be loyal to us till the end.
5. Tom (1/8): I sit here waiting on these women, the same, all the time. No matter if you're in Africa, in Virginia, New York, you still got to wait on them. We got three damn women and it's-it's still 30 minutes. Here we are in Africa, ain't got a damn thing, there ain't nothing to do in there.
6. Brandon (1/4): This morning things were a little bit tense. Um, I went against my group last night and I voted Kelly off, and, um, so the old Samburu tribe is not very happy with me. I wasn't going to align myself with Frank. That wasn't going to happen and they should have known better than that. So, that's pretty much my main motivation. I'd rather be out of here, you know, in three days, than to-- for anybody back home to say that I had aligned with Frank in any way.
7. Lex (2/5): Frank just decided I'm going to be a jerk about this thing and-and it set the tone for probably the next three days. He-he approached me a few days ago and asked me to make an alliance with him, and I said, “You know I've got my alliances already set. I don't feel comfortable making an agreement with you.” I mean, I was fully straight up with him, and he's probably pissed off about the fact that I made some sort of agreement with Brandon, who happens to be public enemy number one to Frank. At this point now, I feel it's his time to go because I'm having a hard time dealing with that guy anymore. The guy has just become a-a pain in my butt, and just having him around brings morale down. The guy's always in a sour mood. It's just not good for tribe morale and I'm ready to get rid of him.
8. Kim J (1/2): The flies are so rampant and so brazen. You're waving your hand and touching them and they still stay there. At home, you have one fly in the kitchen and you go ballistic. I feel like the baboons. You're like picking, picking, picking. When we go back home, we'll probably look like nervous wrecks, just picking at ourselves all the time. Between picking at the insects and picking at the scabs, we'll be... (laughs)
9. Ethan (3/4): Tom's got a massive boil, and I just can't stop looking at that thing. It's like third eye, extra brain, I don't know. I can't look him in the eyes. I'm looking at the side of his neck and... I mean, it's big. I've never seen a boil that big.
10. Tom (2/8): I have seen all these animals out here in Africa, and most of the animals that are fit and strong usually has a horn. Take the rhino, the antelope. So, I'm growing a horn to fight off the beast that comes, and mainly it's coming from inside the camp. Misery loves company. When you got something like this, they just can't keep their hands off of it.
11. Brandon (2/4): Two weeks ago he had one under his arm. He squeezed it and it hurt real bad and it just popped, and oh, my goodness. Tons of stuff seeped out. It would have filled up a shot glass.
12. Tom (3/8): The women like to-to squeeze and cause pain to men, and that's one way they can get back at you. Some things you want them to touch, they won't. Some things you don't want them to touch, they will. That's your typical beast.
13. Frank (1/5): Believe me, I did not pick Brandon. Brandon would be the last person on Earth I would pick. I cringed because I saw everyone pairing up, and big old Tom got a big bellyful on this one, you know?
14. Tom (4/8): Frank is, man... His disposition is about 80 years old, set in his ways. And for them two to get together and get that reward... I swear, if I was playing a dirty trick on them, I couldn't have thought of a better thing to do to Frank.
15. Brandon (3/4): It was so funny. Of all people, Frank and I partnered up. I mean, we are polar opposites of each other. We could live next door to each other and never say words to each other because our lives are so very different.
16. Tom (5/8): Me and Kim Powers were partners, and really it's the first time we've ever been so together in anything. Everybody's kept us apart. If it's physical, we're going to win, but if it's anything mental, we're screwed.
17. Kim P (2/4): You can tell yourself it's just a game a million times, but it's hard for me to differentiate between playing the game very strategically versus playing the game and bonding with people and building relationships.
18. Kim P (3/4): Big Tom is just such a good, good person, and I was totally excited to be paired up with him, plus he's big and strong, so we figure we might have a chance. (laughs)
19. Frank (2/5): It's just funny seeing people that are matched up. Everyone's got a partner now and everyone's happy. And boy, the thing with my partner... my camping trip just went to hell. That's all.
20. Frank (3/5): To see Out of Africa in Africa was unbelievable. Brandon's a competitor, and yes, I high-fived him in the spirit of victory. It still doesn't mean I'd go to coffee with him. As far as sharing the movie with him and the Reward Challenge, has it really changed my mind? No, it hasn't. I'm still old-fashioned, you know, don't even go there.
21. Brandon (4/4): Frank is somebody that in my real life I would never be around. Frank is very abrasive and, you know, kind of cold, and he doesn't have that kind of warm side to offset his, um... less-than-charming personality.
22. Frank (4/5): I take the cards that I'm dealt with and make the best of them. It was difficult enough for me personally, but, hey, it's a movie. Be quiet and watch the damn movie. Yeah, the company could have been better, but we simply had popcorn. We had pop. We watched a movie. It's history. It's over with. Let's move forward.
23. Lex (3/5): Where does Brandon fit in now? That's what's become very complicated. Because Brandon helped save our skins. Brandon did us a favor. However, Tom and Ethan are not in agreement. They still don't trust him and they're actually talking about wanting to vote Brandon out next, which I have a hard time understanding. Um, I don't think I'm going to be able to do that. If- this is one situation where I may have to vote outside my fray.
24. Tom (6/8): The big boy has been smelling a little rat. How did Lex and Brandon get so tight all of a sudden? But see, since Lex said no, I've got to go across tribal boundaries and get me more votes.
25. Frank (5/5): I like Tom. Tom reminds me of back home. You know, only things are slow, firm-- things get done. You know, there's no political correctness. We're just men of action and we just do our job and get it done. I should have met Tom from Day 1, you know? I respect his, uh, original alliance, you know, with the Boran members, but I sense he's growing uneasy with that. He sees some changes, obviously, with Lex's recruitment of Brandon right next to his side. You know, he doesn't like that. People are changing their mind like their changing their underwear.
26. Lex (4/5): The Immunity Challenge feels very important to me, personally. I mean, I am- I am now in the most vulnerable position of anyone in-in our tribe. I have the most, as-as I know-- as far as I know, I've got the most votes against me. So I'm going to do everything I can to win immunity.
27. Kim P (4/4): Depending on who wins immunity, it's gonna put a whole spin on this game and it will be very interesting to see who gets voted off next. Um, I mean, it could very well be me. And a lot of people want to vote Brandon off. Um, I know Teresa still thinks that we might be able to vote Lex out. So it's going to be very interesting and whoever wins immunity, it will be hugely important this time. I mean it always is, but this is like another really crucial, crucial move to win immunity.
28. Lex (5/5): I've been out here for 24, 25 days now. Um, I have a lot invested, and the longer you're out here, the more you want to got all the way. I mean, it has a strange way psychologically of working out that way. You just-- it becomes less and less an option to take that long walk, you know, out-out of the game. You wanna stay. I mean, the next couple days are going to be really difficult. We've got-- we've got to make a decision. Tom, Ethan, Kim and I have to make a decision about what we're going to do at Tribal Council, and how we're going to vote. I've already indicated to them that if they decide that Brandon's the mark, then I can't vote that way and they better be able to figure out a way to get extra votes, or else our coalition, our-our alliance is gonna- is gonna go down, and they're going to be able to pick us off one by one.
29. Tom (7/8): Lex has done said he will not vote against Brandon. So, um... that's fine. But that, you know... uh, it's kind of like going to the dance. If you dance with my old lady, I'll dance with yours.
30. Kim J (2/2): From what I've been able to see, anybody who either tried to manipulate people, jump ship, uh, come up with a plan “B” too soon, got gooned. Um, these are smart people. And if they see the writing on the wall, that you lack confidence and you're looking to come up with an ulterior plan, uh, you shoot yourself in the foot with the people that-that you have somewhat of a-an original alliance with. So I've been pretty steadfast in trying to keep with my original alliance. I really have not faltered from that, and for-for me that's worked. At least it's gotten me this far.
31. Tom (8/8): Hey, Big Tom got his self between a crack and a hard spot. I'm still going to hold to my guns, but after the vote tonight, and Lex don't help me, we may not have the tightest marriage as we once did.
32. Ethan (4/4): At Tribal Council tonight, we know Kim is a big question mark. I know she has a bond with Brandon. However, he screwed her over big time, so I don't know if she's resentful. They said they'd never vote for each other, but I can't count on that 100%. I know Frank doesn't love Lex, you know, and they see him as a leader. And they don't like the way he leads, and if they get him off, you know, they thought, you know, they'd have a better chance of getting into the final four. They smell the final four-- those guys. And that's-that's the one thing that makes me a little nervous about Frank and about Teresa is they could be so close to the final four if they side with Brandon.
1. Kim P (1/11): At the last Tribal Council, we voted off Brandon, and, uh, you know, we had been pals since our early days in Samburu. But you know, I felt very betrayed by him from the previous Tribal Council and I didn't trust him any longer, so I had to vote him out. I guess it's all part of the game, but it-it still tugged at my heart a little bit.
2. Lex (1/8): Tom, Ethan, Kim and I are-are all still standing, and we've got an advantage now-- we've got everyone else outnumbered. But they knew that I was pretty close to Brandon-- he was a friend-- and that I'd have a really hard time voting for him, and I didn't vote for him.
3. Ethan (1/8): Lex's vote, I think, just pushed the limits of our alliance. It kind of redefined how tight our bonds were. You know, he gave his word to Brandon, but he gave his word to us, also. Lex kind of went out on his own and covered his own ass.
4. Kim J (1/5): As much as Tommy, Lex and Ethan think that they want to go into the finals, the three of them, I don't really think that they do. I think that they're all skeptical of each other, and they know, when it gets down to crunch time, that one of them is going to have to be voted off.
5. Ethan (2/8): Well me and Little Kim were on the 2 to 4 shift and out of nowhere we just heard lots of heavy grunting moving closer and closer and closer.
6. Kim P (2/11): You know what's scary, was the fact that you had no idea what the lion wanted. Are they just communicating, or is it trying to call the other lion in because it smell us?
7. Kim P (3/11): The perimeter is closed in all the way with acacia bush or thorn bush all the way around, but it's only maybe six feet tall, and I'm sure a lion would be able to get up and over it if they wanted in.
8. Kim P (4/11): Obviously, they live right here, and they must watch us every day when we go for water as we come out in the morning and do stuff. They are really here. They are really, like, right in this area.
9. Ethan (3/8): I still feel vulnerable. It's not our land at all. It's their land, and we're just living in it for 39 days.
10. Lex (2/8): Having been out here now for a month, it's just starting to catch up with us. Everybody's started to feel more lethargic, weaker, and it all... It's interesting because it all happened at the same time. And we felt comfortable admitting it because it was obvious that everyone was feeling the same way.
11. Ethan (4/8): It feels like you're walking under water, so your steps are slow, your legs are a little, like, shaky. You don't pick up your feet up as high off the ground because you just don't want to, so you kind of stumble on even just little roots this big. (shows small distance between fingers)
12. Kim P (5/11): Poor Kim Johnson, her legs are really, really swollen from her knees down. I mean really swollen. She can hardly lace up her sneakers.
13. Lex (3/8): Our bodies are starting to show signs of trouble. We're starting to get sick. In the last couple, three days, we've all noticed that we're getting thinner. It's starting to really show.
14. Lex (4/8): We eat two small meals a day. I figure we're having, I don't know, maybe a couple of hundred calories, if that. And we're eating, I think, just enough to fool our bodies into thinking that we're getting nutrition when we really aren't.
15. Kim P (6/11): We have maize. It's, um, cornmeal, basically, is what it is, so we eat that either in like, just, mushed-up balls we boil in water. And then we snack on, like, kernels of corn. They don't really pop, but we kind of brown them and burn them. And then we make a corn broth soup.
16. Lex (5/8): It's just kind of a... just a watery gruel with some, you know, some corn kernels in it.
17. Tom (1/3): It's just so hard to get down because... it's like eating chalk twice a day, and then they put corn in it and then you've got chalk with some corn.
18. Tom (2/3): At the last Tribal Council, Lex cast a vote for Frank instead of Brandon. We had an alliance, me him and Ethan, and the alliance was so we'd vote together, and, uh, Lex jeopardized that alliance when he voted for Frank.
19. Ethan (5/8): I know Tom's true to me and Kim, but probably take a little bit to get Lex back on his good side.
20. Tom (3/3): I don't know what'll happen in the future, but, uh, from here on out, uh... you know, I'll have a question with Lex.
21. Lex (6/8): In the food auction, you could definitely see alliance lines and relationship lines that apply to the game itself. I mean, Kim and I have been close since the get-go. Tom and Ethan have been very close too. T-Bird and Frank, no surprise there. They've really only got each other at this point. And also, it was kind of painfully obvious that Kim Powers is kind of on her own. But there are people taking care of her there. It was interesting to see who's a more clever and shrewd wheeler and dealer. Tom probably walked away the biggest winner as far as food.
22. Kim P (7/11): Tom, he is not the most politically correct human being, so when he said that he was sharing the ham with a Jew boy, knowing that he wasn't going to eat it, I was like, “Oh, my God!”
23. Ethan (6/8): I mean, at this point, I don't really take offense. I know he's joking. You know, he doesn't really mean it. Me and Tom, we have kind of like a brotherly relationship right now. He makes fun of me 'cause I'm Jewish and I make fun of him 'cause he's fat and he's got a boil on his neck and there's just, like, competition, you know, he's going to beat me at checkers.
24. Kim P (8/11): I go back and forth on whether or not I think Tom is for real or some of it's put on, because I think he's smarter than he lets on.
25. Kim J (2/5): Tommy, he plays a good old boy, but I don't think he's as backwoods-ish as he would like to make you think.
26. Lex (7/8): You know, his whole, you know, “I'm a hayseed from Virginia, I'm not that smart.” I knew quickly that he was a lot brighter than he let on. And actually, I mean that endeared me to him and intrigued me all the more.
27. Ethan (7/8): We have been kind of in a routine, so today, to keep things fresh, we went to our watering hole, put our stuff down and Big Tom gave everyone a little shower. We have been here a while, and we were getting pretty comfortable with each other, and I can change without being too worried if anyone sees me or, you know, I can fart and, you know, not really care.
28. Kim P (9/11): When you spend 30 days with people in very close proximity, you're not ashamed or bashful of just about anything anymore. I mean, we've lived together closer than most families live together and, uh, you know, bathing or whatever, it just seems like it's something that you kind of have to do it, and you really don't care who sees you anymore.
29. Lex (8/8): Tom gets away with murder. Like today, you know, he was having a good time bathing the ladies, having them kind of pull their bathing suits back.
30. Kim J (3/5): I mean, Tommy's harmless. It's not, like, he's not going to, like, jump our bones there or anything. He's really harmless and if he gets a peek, you know, more power to him. It doesn't do any good for anybody to take offense at anybody. It only costs you friendships. And this whole exercise out here, I think, is about getting along with people and just going with the flow.
31. Ethan (8/8): We have been here a while and we're getting pretty comfortable with each other, and it's like your family now. And it makes everything a little more difficult because tomorrow, I'm going to have to vote one of these people off.
32. Frank (1/3): To be here is just awesome. This morning's sunrise is just, is just, so beautiful. You know, I don't think the majority of people in our everyday, busy lives take a moment to just watch something as beautiful as that, and to suddenly realize just how small we are in the world, and how time can just pass by in a moment and we would be gone. You know, it puts your life back in perspective.
33. Frank (2/3): My love for being here grows every day. Just loving the outdoors, you know, and the animals and wildlife and people in a way, as well, you know, I love to mingle with people.
34. Frank (3/3): It's just a beautiful morning, so I was just adding to the, uh, wonderful atmosphere and just socializing and, you know, let 'em see there's a soft, sensual side of me.
35. Kim P (10/11): Frank seems really rambunctious this morning and he's talking a lot. And he's a very opinionated person, which is fine, but, like, when you have immunity at stake, you kind of just need to keep your mouth shut.
36. Teresa (1/4): Well, what can I say about Frank? Once again, Frank is Frank. He brings up this gun stuff. And Lex is going like this (shakes head) there, you know, Ethan's sitting over there, not saying a word, but I can tell it's getting to him, too. And I'm thinking to myself, “Frank, cut it, stop!”
37. Teresa (2/4): Today is Tribal Council day. Today is the day that you don't want to really ruffle any feathers. But, you know, I started out from the very beginning with an alliance with Frank, and, um, shoot, I've been here for this many days. I'm sure not going to give up now.
38. Kim P (11/11): Teresa doesn't want to give up, and I don't want to give up either. So, Teresa is, like, trying to scramble and figure out, you know, if there's anything that we can do.
39. Teresa (3/4): It's a shot in the dark, but if I can persuade Kim to vote off Ethan, that would break up that alliance.
40. Teresa (4/4): It could hurt me going to Kim, but Ethan's bonded with those guys, and they're going to be strong enough every time they vote to weed off one more of us. So it's kind of a risk, but at this point, I feel like this is the only chance I've got.
41. Kim J (4/5): Teresa approached me with the idea that Tommy, Lex and Ethan really don't have any kind of allegiance toward me, but I just can't turn on Ethan at this point. So I'm going to have to tell Teresa that, and I'm not sure what the reaction is going to be to that.
42. Kim J (5/5): I had an opportunity, obviously, to do something to save them, and I didn't do that. And now I'm afraid it's going to hurt me. So, it'll be an interesting Tribal Council.
1. Ethan (1/3): I'm surrounded by people I enjoy, but yet I'm so alone. You know, you are so alone, because they are your friends, but, you know, I only met them a month ago. You know, I hold back a lot. You know, I don't reveal everything about myself. Even though I'm surrounded by people all the time, I still feel so alone.
2. Lex (1/9): I knew when I picked Tom that it was going to be a roller coaster ride. If anyone should see something completely different and really experience Africa, I thought-- I thought Tom was really kind of deserving. The plane landed and we were whisked away to a place called Governor's Camp. If you can imagine the ultimate five-star luxury hotel just literally dropped right in the middle of a lush African jungle. That's what it was. It was just, it was like the Garden of Eden.
3. Tom (1/12): We just went on basically a safari. We got in a vehicle and got right up in amongst thousands of wildebeests. We got right in the middle of them. They didn't know what to do and we didn't either.
4. Tom (2/12): They are crazier than hell. They are ugly. They're ugly as a girl I used to date back home. They are calling each other. They're mating. Hell, they're butting heads and-and knocking each other to the ground. It's a cluster. It's the damnedest thing you've ever seen. (imitates calls) They sound like me on good Saturday night when I get home.
5. Lex (2/9): The safari was amazing. I'm seeing just about every type of wildlife that I've wanted to see, and I'm seeing it all in the-- in the space of an hour.
6. Tom (3/12): When we came back from the safari, we were just bubbling. All of a sudden, I looked up there on the side of the river and I seen two chairs and a table and on that table, it had a few spirits on there. So I told Lex, I said, “Looks like we might ought to have a toast.”
7. Lex (3/9): Both Tom and I like to-- like to tip a cocktail back now and again at home. And so our first thought coming back was I'd-I'd kill somebody to get a nice cold beer in me. And this place is wonderful because if you want something, there is somebody right there. They can almost read your mind.
8. Lex (4/9): When the dinner bell rang, Tom wasn't quite done with his bottle of bourbon. Tom is definitely not one to, uh, waste anything, so he took his bottle with. (laughs) In fact, it was in his pocket.
9. Tom (4/12): They brought me a piece of lamb this big around (shows size with hands), and I'm a meat eater. I mean, that salad stuff, it's not for women or something, but I like meat. It was absolutely melting in my mouth.
10. Lex (5/9): When we got back from dinner, Tom decided to promptly help himself to as much of the bourbon as possible. I know he was-- he was liquored and loaded, but (chuckles) it just made-made the whole night that much funnier.
11. Lex (6/9): Tom was spent. So I-I kind of-- I took him to bed.
12. Tom (5/12): This morning when I woke up, my head, it wouldn't have fit in a wash tub. I said, “Where am I?” I had to look around. I was in a bed. I drunk a glass of water and eat, uh, four or five cookies. Well, it was on again-- I just got tanked back up.
13. Tom (6/12): My God, he pull that and squirt that fire up there and it would shoot a flame like a dragon up in there. (whooshing) And when he did, here we go.
14. Tom (7/12): This guy,, uh, Rob, he is from England. And every time we get talking to him, that thing would keep going down, down and I could see a tree in front of us. I'd kind of shout, and he'd say, “Oh!” and then he go... (whooshing)
15. Lex (7/9): I'm looking straight down into the jungle looking straight on overhead on-on wildlife. We are just whisking through this stuff, you know, and while the sun is coming up. It was... it was amazing. It was-- leaves you breathless.
16. Tom (8/12): Considering where we've been, just to see the green, it makes you appreciate it so much more. I hate to even blink. I'm afraid I'll miss something. I see two wildebeests just bombing along. I said, “Lex, ain't that funny?” I said, uh, “All them wildebeests we've seen-- these two are down here next to the river by themselves.” I said, “If I was a lion,” I said, “I'd pick that little one out. It'd be a good meal.” I had no longer said that than all of a sudden, a lion popped up.
17. Tom (9/12): All of a sudden that lion kind of gives up and I said, “Well, the wildebeest has won.” About that time, here popped another one out. That lion had ran the wildebeest into the other one.
18. Tom (10/12): My mind has been a pretty little old tight thing. It's not been expanded very much. But this whole thing just gave me new life. At 45, I thought I had done some things and I found out I ain't done diddly. This just shows me that there is more to life than just what is around the corner at the house.
19. Lex (8/9): Going back to camp at this point is going to be miserable. I mean, I'm feeling sick about it. Going back to camp now means going back to the game. I'm going to be the last person standing, so, in the next couple of hours, I'll have to be on my game again, as much as it pains me to-to admit it.
20. Ethan (2/3): We waved and, you know, pretended to be really excited that they were coming back. Yet we were just hoping they wouldn't come back like bundles of energy 'cause we are on a definite different wavelength than those guys. We were, like, struggling, depressed, you know, hoping we could go to sleep.
21. Kim J (1/2): They came back and very subtly and slowly described their adventures, which sounded wonderful to us.
22. Teresa (1/2): It was neat hearing about everything they did, but my mind is kind of going in different directions on what to do, and now at this point, instead of boggling myself down mentally with strategy, I'm really just holding out to see what happens with the Immunity Challenge.
23. Ethan (3/3): Every now and then, I like giggle to myself. I'm like, “Oh, my God,” you know, “I'm almost there.” You know, I don't want to, you know, I don't want to screw anything up and it's exciting, it's really exciting.
24. Tom (11/12): Nobody can vote for me when we go to Tribal Council, so I'm guaranteed to be here tomorrow. Somebody is going to leave tonight, but it ain't going to be me.
25. Lex (9/9): T-Bird's got-- she's got a lot of fire in her belly. And I know that there's nothing more dangerous than a desperate animal-- an animal or a person that wants something bad enough that they're willing to just try anything.
26. Kim J (2/2): I talked to Teresa. Her plan was to, basically try to get the girls to get together and maybe round up Tommy or something, and vote against Lex.
27. Teresa (2/2): If we could get one more to side with us, we could get Lex off. This is the time you got to start thinking who do you want to go to the end with and who do you want off.
28. Tom (12/12): If I live to be 100, I still can't thank Lex enough for him giving me the opportunity to go on our safari, but even after going, I'm still irritated with Lex. I don't think he did me right. Lex recruited Brandon to save him. I felt like that Lex, uh, betrayed me. And he knows my feelings on that.
1. Ethan (1/10): We have five people left here in Africa, in Kenya, in Moto Maji camp. Five people, that's it. Started with sixteen. Now we're down to five, amazing.
2. Kim J (1/6): Every little thing we do now is a huge effort. We're beginning to-to talk more in terms now of when we're going home, we are counting the days. I think it's starting to take a toll on our bodies.
3. Lex (1/16): I never thought it was going to be this hard, physically, mentally, psychologically, emotionally. And now that we're so close to the end, I'm exhausted. But up until just the last few days, um, I've really tried hard not to think about my kids and my wife. But I can't allow myself to give into any of that until I'm finished. You can't afford, out here, to be a sissy. It has been pretty funny that we take our drinking water, basically out of an elephant's toilet.
4. Kim J (2/6): I find in the water hole relaxation. We love this spot, we come here all the time. And today, we were visited by someone just prior to our getting here that left us a big giant gift. It's very fresh, very smelly, very large, and we're getting used to it.
5. Lex (2/16): You gotta drink and you gotta pull your water and you got-- you gotta wash, but God, holy mackerel, that-that elephant, he couldn't have picked a better spot to, uh, to relieve himself in. It looked like he hadn't done his business in a couple of weeks.
6. Tom (1/4): I want to be in harmony with all the animals and all the people, but it's hard to do, especially here down at the end. Kim Johnson washes in elephant (expletive censor) every day. And I've told her, I said, “Kim, down there at the bottom of that creek,” I said, “you are washing where the elephants has pooped in the water. You're washing in that-- washing your clothes, washing your face, washing your hind end.” She has yet to understand that, and I've quit telling her. And I let her wash in it every day. I keep thinking, I try to smell it, see if she smells like an elephant, but really she don't. But, she's washed in it every day. And I... I quit telling her.
7. Lex (3/16): This stage of the game, boredom is something that has definitely become a reality. Plus, I mean, frankly, we've been out here 35 days. We're running out of things to talk about and things to do. I've probably gotten to know the four other people that are left here better than some people that I've known for five, ten years.
8. Ethan (2/10): Tom's feet stink, perhaps, the worst I've ever smelled of anyone's feet, on the planet Earth. And... they smell so bad. It's-- he's got some funk down there that I've never smelled before.
9. Tom (2/4): Everybody complains. Uh, Ethan is terrible, he hates 'em. He raises hell, he wants me to move my foot-- my shoes. He told me, throw my shoes away.
10. Ethan (3/10): They're bad, he's got a problem. I think he's got a problem. (chuckles)
11. Ethan (4/10): Yeah, we're sitting there, enjoying our popcorn, and Tom is like...
12. Tom (3/4): A lot of people saw a chicken out. I saw my dinner out, walking around, and it might get out of that bunker. They were panicking a little bit, wanting to run the chicken. Worst thing you could do is run that chicken. So I just laid there and didn't want to panic that chicken.
13. Ethan (5/10): That chicken kind of walked by Tom. He's laying down, half asleep, just... (makes grabbing motion) Got both legs, the chicken, he's like, “Got it.” It was pretty, pretty impressive. We just pretended to wrestle it and have a little fun, a little excitement in the day. Get to, you know, maybe we'll let it out some more and try to catch it. Let's have some fun.
14. Lex (4/16): We went to Tree Mail, expecting that it was going to be challenge time. This was a-a completely different kind of Tree Mail, because we opened up the mailbox and it was-- it was an instant reward.
15. Lex (5/16): I had letters from my wife, from my two sons, from my mother, my father. It doesn't get any better than that. It gave me what I need to get through the next few days. It fed my body and my soul.
16. Teresa (1/9): It seems like the first one I probably grabbed was from my dad, because his health is not very good. Before I left, I remember telling him, “You better be here when I get back.” So I think his letter probably touched me the most because I worry the most about him.
17. Ethan (6/10): It's really good to hear from them, 'cause they put their ink on this paper. You know, they touched this paper, and, you know, we can touch them. So it's... it's really nice.
18. Kim J (3/6): It was just the best. Just to hear from home was unbelievable. It was great. My husband wrote me a poem, and he's not a poem writer. Kippy's my nickname. And actually, even before I came on this, he's always called me “Survivor Kippy.”
19. Teresa (2/9): This experience would be nothing if I didn't have somebody to go back and share it with. It definitely brought a calm and-and a reality to me that, you know, the game's almost over, and that's where I'm going back to.
20. Ethan (7/10): When I walked around that bush and saw that big blue Chevy truck and knew it wasn't mine, I was... so, like, jealous. So I was annoyed and a little pissed off. And trying to be happy for Lex, but deep down inside, I wasn't that happy for him. It's tough, it's annoying. You know, I just-- I just don't want him to win anymore.
21. Teresa (3/9): When they opened up the back of the truck, I saw “H.I.V.” It was, uh, very emotional for me because my brother passed away of AIDS, so right away when I saw that it just brought back all the emotions of everything. Unfortunately, 11 years ago, there was so little known about AIDS. It made me very happy.
22. Lex (6/16): When I won the truck, Jeff explained to me, kind of, what the visit part of the reward was, and it was actually visiting a hospital in-- in a-- in a village here in Kenya, uh, called Wamba. And our visit was going to be to deliver a-a year's worth of supplies, especially for all of their AIDS testing.
23. Lex (7/16): It's a little hospital, in this little village, in the middle of Kenya. People come from all over.
24. Lex (8/16): This old Italian gentleman, this doctor, has dedicated his entire lifetime to helping people here in Africa. This guy does it simply out of the goodness of his own heart and has single-handedly mobilized and inspired enough people to create a-a completely self-sufficient hospital in the middle of nowhere.
25. Lex (9/16): We are delivering all these medical supplies that they're in desperate need of. I mean, they're-they're running on fumes at that hospital as it is, and we are also going to provide them with a new drug that allows pregnant women who have H.I.V. to have children, and the children have a better than 50% chance of being born without H.I.V. Whereas, if they didn't get this medication, they would probably be born H.I.V. positive. We got a tour of the pediatric ward, which was both heart-breaking and just inspirational. You've got these-these little kids, almost all of them orphans. I got to actually pass out toys, which, you know, is always a good time. I got to play with these kids. Uh, they made me miss the hell out of my kids. We walk out of there, after spending a day checking out the hospital, talking to the doctors, seeing all of this stuff face-to-face, I walked away a changed person.
26. Lex (10/16): The gift I take away from here is he's planted a small seed in me and I'm-I'm gonna take that home with me.
27. Tom (4/4): Today there's a little bit of animosity towards Lex on winning that truck. I had, uh, a lot of people asking me about my alliance and trying to change things.
28. Kim J (4/6): I'm absolutely trying to work a deal. With that in mind, I know all these guys don't really want to come down to the threesome. They're all skeptical of each other. My dilemma then, at this point, with my immunity at stake, is to figure out which of the guys is feeling the most vulnerable. Which one is the best one to try to approach with-with some type of scenario.
29. Ethan (8/10): Today, Kim approached me and she's like, “You got to get Lex off.” She's like, “If you don't get Lex off, you're shooting yourself in the foot.”
30. Lex (11/16): I was gone most of the day. When I got back, the vibe was thick at camp. Everyone else in the tribe was bummed about the fact that they lost and didn't win. Everyone was nervous, and no one really wanted to talk about anything. There was some strange stuff going down. The mojo was just funky.
31. Ethan (9/10): He's healthy, he's been eating normally. He's been out of the camp like five more days than I have. You know, he's riding on confidence. It's tough to be at the top of your game when someone else has all that-- all those added ingredients.
32. Kim J (5/6): Tommy on several occasions has tried to get Lex voted off. He actually told Teresa that Lex should be the next one to go, unbeknownst to Lex or Ethan. And he came to me and said that, uh, if I have an opportunity, it would be a good thing to vote of Lex, but he didn't want to know anything about it.
33. Ethan (10/10): I came into this game with the attitude of winning the whole thing, and to do it in a fair way and to do it beating the best people and going against the best head-to-head.
34. Teresa (4/9): Kim said today that she knows that, you know, the guys are-are-- have got such a strong alliance, that she is the next to go. And I'm thinking to myself, “Good for you. Good for you, you're finally thinking.” And I said, “What-what if Lex doesn't get immunity and I can get Tom to vote Lex off?” And she said then she'd do that. She said it's not too early now to do that. And I'm thinking, “Well, hey, she's waking up a little bit.”
35. Teresa (5/9): This Immunity Challenge coming up is certainly going to be the most important for me. I'm the last Samburu left, so it would be easy for them right now just to go ahead and move me out. Whatever it is, I gotta give it all I've got.
36. Lex (12/16): T-Bird approached me before Tribal Council and obviously needed to have a heart-to-heart. She is the odd person out at this point. She's the only person that's left that's from the original Samburu. Um, she's in a mess of hurt.
37. Teresa (6/9): For me, it's, um, I guess kind of bittersweet. I know that I'm going to be the next one to go unless I can think of something real quick.
38. Teresa (7/9): I had thought of every different way I could play it. And unfortunately, with Lex getting immunity, that cut down a lot of my options, and I really only had one option to go, and that was with trying to get Lex and Kim Johnson to vote off Tom.
39. Lex (13/16): T-Bird is obviously struggling with-with something, and-and so she said, you know, “I need you to sit down and I have something I need to confess to you. I have something before we go to Tribal Council I need to tell you.”
40. Teresa (8/9): Knowing I'm pretty sure I was gone, I thought I don't have anything to lose, anyway, I'll go ahead and-and let him know that I was the one that put the vote against Lex.
41. Lex (14/16): And she said, you know, “When you got that one mystery vote,” who at the time I thought might be Kelly, “I was the one that cast that vote for you.”
42. Lex (15/16): I said, “Well, there's not more than a couple people that it could be because you're telling me to watch my back.” And she just looked at me and, you know, went like this... (nods) In telling her that, Tom is basically giving her a green light that I was the right person to vote for. And I also found out, you know, at that point, Mama Cat told me that she had also been approached by Tom on more than one occasion.
43. Teresa (9/9): Tom wants Lex off, but he says, “I can't vote him,” so he wants everybody else to do the dirty work for him, so he still looks like the good guy.
44. Kim J (6/6): Tommy's sort of insular in his thinking. Tommy's looking out for Tommy most of the time. Whatever Tommy wants to do, Tommy does, regardless of its effect on other people.
45. Lex (16/16): Ultimately, I'm responsible for myself and nobody else. It's completely gone to cutthroat mode. And if I think that Tom, if I think that he's in a situation where he is about to screw me over and stab me in the back, I'll cut his throat.
1. Lex (1/11): We're in the homestretch, and emotions are just all over the map. I mean, this game goes over a 39-day period, and the whole thing is like a giant puzzle. And sometimes when one person says something to you, like what T-Bird said to me before Tribal Council, all of a sudden some of the loose puzzle pieces, you find the spot that they fit in.
2. Kim J (1/9): Yesterday, right before Tribal Council, Teresa came clean that back when we were voting off Clarence, she was the one that voted that second vote for Lex. That upset Lex so much in the beginning. And Teresa also said Tommy had been lobbying to get Lex voted off, and that was very upsetting to Lex.
3. Lex (2/11): Mama Cat had been approached a couple of times by Tom, who had told her, you know, “If you happen to vote for Lex in any of these Tribal Councils,” um, “that's totally okay by me.”
4. Kim J (2/9): Today is Day 37. It's exactly five weeks today that we've been out here, and that's a long time.
5. Lex (3/11): The four of us left are all probably more surprised than the next about the fact that we're still here. And I couldn't have imagined it being as crazy as it is. It's good, it's bad, it's bitter, it's sweet. But more now than ever, our brains are focused on, well, “Is there anyone trying to burn me?”
6. Lex (4/11): I felt that there's a really good chance that Tom had pulled a bit of treachery when it came to him and me, and what I need to do is confront Tom with it and just find out was it true, was he going to fess up to it?
7. Tom (1/4): What kind of question is that to ask this far down in the game? Hell, as far as I know, I... I don't think I did, but if I did, Lex has-has been the man to watch. Hell, he's been winning immunities and everything else, and that's the reason he's getting all the votes. If you're going to run in the front of the pack with a white horse, you're going to be shot at.
8. Lex (5/11): Tom and I, you know, there have been a couple of situations in the past that have arisen that we haven't quite seen eye-to-eye on. And I guess Tom had the impression that I wasn't really working quite with him or for him, but against him.
9. Tom (2/4): The thing between me and Lex is basically a case of paranoia, and “worry-ation.” But my alliance with Lex and Ethan has not, you know, has not quivered.
10. Lex (6/11): I can't forget about what Tom has done for me in the past. We could thank each other equally for still being here. So I would not feel right about cutting him off at the knees because on a couple of occasions he's fallen from grace.
11. Lex (7/11): Last night and this morning, there were some tough and trying times, so we decided to take some time and go up to Bull Rocks and just sort of Zen-out for a while. When you go up to Bull Rocks, it's so peaceful, and we can also get, you know, a look down at our boma, which kind of gives you a different perspective on things, and you just can't help but think about stuff.
12. Ethan (1/10): This has been the ultimate adventure for me. Every little bit of myself, my being has been touched in some little way.
13. Tom (3/4): To walk away with that million takes a lot of luck, and so far I've been pretty lucky. I'm just extremely happy that I made it this far. So I'm going to suck it in a little bit and enjoy it.
14. Kim J (3/9): It feels great to be the last woman standing. I may make it to the final three, but I have to do that on my own power. I have not won an Immunity Challenge yet. I haven't won a Reward Challenge either. But that's not to say that it can't happen, and nobody would be happier than me if I could pull it off and buy myself another day or two here.
15. Lex (8/11): Playing the game for me, at this point, has become all about winning. Damn it, I am going to walk away with that prize. I am here for one thing and one thing only, to take that million dollars, and to run with it, it's mine.
16. Ethan (2/10): We're going to have to answer questions about ourselves, about past members of, uh, Moto Maji, you know, people that are on the jury right now. And whoever gets the most questions right, then they get immunity.
17. Tom (4/4): That's another mental game, and I'm not that strong in that-- in that game, and is-- it'll be tough with me.
18. Ethan (3/10): One thing that I'm worried about is if I get a question wrong, about one of the jurors that, you know, I was supposedly close with, it could play a little bit on the jurors if they just think you went through the motion of pretending to ask them important questions and not really listening to the answers.
19. Lex (9/11): I think Kim has got the best chance at winning this challenge. She's got a really good mind for facts, she's got really good retention, and she takes a genuine interest in everybody.
20. Lex (10/11): I was up pretty much all night, um, with, uh, with just diarrhea that I was cramping up pretty bad this morning, couldn't really hold down water. It's just one of those things. The game of Survivor never takes a time-out. It's the real deal. You come out here for 39 Days and if, at any point during those 39 Days, you're not 100% on your game or something happens to you, that's just tough.
21. Ethan (4/10): You can't predict anything in this game, that's why it's an amazing game. It's, you know, twists and turns and, you know, you can't control it and that makes it exciting, and-and frustrating and new, you know, you can't predict anything.
22. Ethan (5/10): I worked my butt off to get right here, and I go and I blow it on such a... a silly little mistake. And I just lost concentration. My back foot came off, and that's the killer. I can never ever get to that spot again. It feels horrible. It feels horrible.
23. Ethan (6/10): Kim looks strong, but Lex is just as strong. Neither of them will give up, because they want the choice to bring whoever they want to the final two.
24. Ethan (7/10): Lex had problems with his stomach all night last night. He was up like, ten times going to the bathroom. I'm sure he's dehydrated. The sun is ridiculous right now. It's hot. (chuckles)
25. Kim J (4/9): The Final Immunity Challenge was not luck, was not being nice, was not any of the things that I had done so far. That was something that came out of me inside of me, a determination that I haven't seen in me, maybe ever.
26. Kim J (5/9): In your wildest dreams, you know, things like this happen. It doesn't ever really happen to you, but it shows that dreams come true.
27. Kim J (6/9): I'm very stunned now that I'm in the final two, when I can remember thinking the first night here, “Oh, my God, I'm going to be the first one voted off.”
28. Lex (11/11): You know, what will be weighing heavy on our minds and on our hearts today is wondering which one of us is, uh, out of the game tonight and which one of us is going to be here until the very end, until the final two. Only one of us can stay, and that's all up to Mama Cat.
29. Ethan (8/10): My destiny is definitely in someone else's hands, and it's a scary feeling. I've never been in-in that situation before, and I feel very vulnerable. You know, my stomach's in knots. I don't know, you know, what to think. I mean, I could be going home tonight. Uh, I could... you know, I could be here tomorrow.
30. Kim J (7/9): Deciding who I'm going to vote off tonight would be more of a strategic move if I thought one of the two of them would be more easily beatable than the other. And I wish that nobody had to feel bad about it. That's the double-edged sword of winning this immunity. That I have to do, you know, something that will pain me and it will pain the person that I don't bring with me to the final two. There's nothing fun about that.
31. Kim J (8/9): Final two, Day 39. I can't believe I'm even saying the words. Yesterday, I was concerned about having to vote off one of the two guys, and today, I can just really... just relish being at the end here with Ethan and the final day.
32. Ethan (9/10): Today is a very good day. I am just feeling relief, a sense of joy, a sense of gratitude for Kim for choosing me.
33. Kim J (9/9): As the time drew closer to decide who to bring to the final two with me, the decision became harder and harder. But I feel that Lex thought he deserved it. I'm not so sure that Ethan felt he deserved it, and maybe ultimately that's what made the decision easier for me.
34. Ethan (10/10): Tonight at Tribal Council, you know, I think it's going to be a one-vote jury. I see myself getting the guy votes, Lex and Tom and Frank. And I see Kim getting the girl votes, which is Kelly, Little Kim and Teresa. And Brandon is going to be maybe the swing vote.
